I feel numb. Not in a bad way exactly, I just don't really feel much. Maybe it's just boredom or the fact that I grew up with instant gratification so even a second spent not doing anything feels like something is missing, but something just feels off.
Disgusted
Is climate change grief a real thing? Like this overwhelming, deep sense of forthcoming doom. I don't know because it's not like I have personally lost anything yet. But I feel for others.
I just got a minor surgery. My father's mother came over to take care of me recently. I also saw my elder grandfather on my mom's side recently. Something about seeing old people always makes me feel so sad. I don't know how to explain it. Is it pity? Is it guilt because I don't call home enough? I don't know.
a bit bummed out and disappointed
I feel like I have no support I know everyone has their own issue going on but we can still be there for one another that’s all we need support especially mentally
a bit sad because of the gloomy weather outside
Happy about the weather and the sky
sometimes I forget that mentally healthy people are the norm and not everyone dreads waking up
Im happy
I'm not sure. Numb? Okay? I'm not enjoying things that much and I'm forcing my body to oversleep because I don't want to be awake. It's nothing as serious as I want to not be alive, just that being awake is boring. I have some things about the future that excite me so I'm just holding onto that.
"I Be Having The Wierdist Random Feeling … 
It’s Just So Wierd That It Comes Randomly At That.. 
& Top Of That I’m Really An Over Thinker.. 
Sometimes I Hate That I Be In My Head A lot "
i just got off work and am ready to start relaxing
My biggest emotional issue is I tend not to get over certain things that really hurt me bad. Is like time would fly and I still be so sad about it as if it happend recently
And being sad takes away my appetite. Is like I don’t ever get hungry because I am to much in my head. So I have to force myself to eat
Today I feel ok. One good tip when I’m feeling down I prepare the tub and make a bubble bath with jazz slow music and just relax and it helps me a lot. Today I will be calm
Just imagine having to put a smile face mask when others come around but behind that mask I’m probably the most saddest person you’ll ever meet.
Iam feeling sad
i am excited because i am going shopping tomorrow
Happy Excited
My dad. My dads passing was probably the worst pain I’ve ever felt in my entire life. And sometimes I feel okay because I think about all the good times we shared. We were really close. And ever since he passed my life just been so wierd
Along the same vein as coming home from school and seeing my brother. I get sad. He was far more affected by my mother's passing on the outside. I worry about him graduating from college. I worry about what he will do after. He is taking a leave of absence from university with no plan. If my mom was here, I doubt that he would have done that.
Super Stressed, work has been an absolute nightmare. I have been pushed to the brink and im trying not to crossover
Sadden
relaxed because the weekend is almost here
I kind of want kids but right now im not really sure. obviously im young and have time to decide but at this point, I dont think the world is a safe place in general. climate change, racism, poverty, it just seems like an awful idea to have kids 
After covid I became an extrovert but now the thing is I cant be alone anymore. I forgot how to be ok with myself. one day alone and im miserable
On top of everything else I feel like I worried to much about others who dont care about me! But how can I control something I’m the weakest. If I love someone I’m going to be there for them no matter what you know!
I feel guilty because someone doesn’t show me love I don’t show it either but then again it isn’t fair for either one of us because I don’t know what that person is going through and that person doesn’t know how am feeling.
On the other hand my past break up has been a toll on me I try my hardest every single day to forget it and not cry anymore. But it’s hard. Especially when you really loved them.
Even though I feel sad today. I always try to make the best of my days. No matter how down I feel. I try to get going and make my self happy. I like to clean. Cleaning and music puts me in a great mood. That keeps me happy.
I've been super stressed lately. I get in my own head worrying about how things are going to work out. Fortunately, I heard some good news about something earlier today, so that's boosted my mood some currently. However, I can still feel stressed in the back of my mind. 
I have siblings who are into them selfs. They probably forgot about me. I know every one has their own life and issues but checking on me isn’t hard at all especially when you need the love. I feel so alone
Pretty good! A little nervous about rising cases on campus though, hopefully that blows over soon. 
Got a lot of work done this week, feeling proud.
Stressed
Happy
"A friend that I’m attracted to, doesn’t share the same feelings as I, honestly I don't 100% know this yet this is just my assumption, because of their sexuality, and I don’t know how I'm handling it. I haven't really emotionally grasp it all yet, I think she has some type of clue, but I'm way too much of a coward to tell her because I do not want to ruin the friendship that we share. I've been through a situation like this before and I rather have her as a friend than nothing at all. I feel like this is just another form of grief, losing something that you never had in the first place. This shit sucks, I just want to hurry this up and get over it, but I can't rush this, I know I can’t. I can bury it but that wouldn’t be any good. Sometimes I feel like I’m gonna spend the rest of my life alone, without a team mate to share my world & feelings with.
It's just me and my thoughts  specially at night, When the world become silent & every single thought becomes amplified."
More stress today, I guess things are just really ramping up. Trying to stay positive. 
pretty good
Bored. Been smoking less so that's good I suppose, but being back home in the environment where I processed so much of my pain is a bit rough. I've cried myself to sleep just out of habit for two nights. Generally feeling okay, though. I've got some passion projects I'm working on so that occupies a lot of my time.
Annoyed
Pretty good today. Still a little uncertain of things with all the rising cases, but doing alright myself!
Happy
I'm going to write a book called training the bees
i feel calm, full, and i'm looking forward to tomorrow. the day felt rewarding.
On top of everything else, I feel like I'm constantly being worried about money. Being an FGLI student has been especially hard this year and I feel guilty that I get to have a more privileged life at school than my family. Since my mom's passing, money has been tight.
Sometimes my siblings would go through it but I don’t really help anymore because I’ve helped so many times to a point I felt like I was taken advantage of.
I actually had a decent day today. My plans got canceled because of the rain which sucks but I spent time with my partner and ate some cool food and revisited some memories. I feel okay.
 I'm accomplished something big, two weeks ago I went on vacation that was very much needed, the destination was Antigua Guatemala. I had an amazing time I didn't really get to absorb as much as I wanted about their culture though I was fascinated. Bang out this adventurous side of me, to the point that I climbed up a volcano. Where I am from you don't see black people wanting to climb up volcanoes or doing adventures stuff like that, though they would say that's cool, but they wouldn't really go out and do that themselves. 
Being in a relationship is hard when you have trauma. I wonder if they will ever be able to understand. I've noticed recently that I have this deep-seated fear of intimacy that stems from my mother's passing.
This corona stuff does not scare me anymore, I'm a supreme being, I am from planet earth, I am not of it, still a lot of people still talking about this, let's get back to living life like normal shall we.
Optimist
On top of everything else I have to deal with , sometimes I’m just mentally over it. But I’m really strong when it comes to my thoughts trying to take over me. 
my parents dont understand mental health its so frustrating when they tell me I have no right to be depressed or anxious because I have a better life than they did. I love them but its so hard opening up to them
I was feeling lost and confused about Columbia transportation, then started getting frustrated because it was hot and tiring to keep standing
I feel at times that I cant beat the feeling I have of worrisome. I contracted covid in 2020 and ever since I did, my body hasn't been the same. 
So it’s a bit quite wierd , most of the time I’m in my head instead of out. But either way I just try to stay positive and I’m good at it. 
I cant stomach food anymore. during my depressive episode I stopped eating because it took too much energy to. now that my hunger is back I still cant hold down food anymore.
Now what helps me throughout my day is my daily workout and drinking my greens I love it . It keeps my mind super busy I don’t have to think anything it’s put me in one of the best moods. It’s just sucks up all my negative thoughts and keeps me happy & strong
Jus the thought of how I feel when I listen to music sometimes it makes me cry more because I can relate but also makes me cry
I took legit steps to make sure I felt good today (ate food, did yoga, took a shower) so I'm feeling a bit in control of my body (not so much my mind because I spent an hour making up scenarios in my head and crying but we'll get there)
"- [ ] My car isn't starting today even after I gave it a boost, and now Im pissed the fuck off to the max, & now I have to tow this thing all the way to Jersey to get it serviced. I don't know I just feel like fucking someone up, my diet been off, I'm not eating like I normally do, im eating fried food because my oven is not working. I'm always lonely because I live by myself. The only one I have with me is my cat L2. I have been less creative than normal, which is not good. Maybe it's because I'm a technician that works 12 hour shifts every four days weekly. My Friend is supposed to come to New York from Chicago. I don't know if she'll like me when she meets me. You know sometimes I feel like my life has been scripted like  them dam androids in that shows that West world. Because ain't no fucking way, I see people doing better than me, when they don't deserve it, there are piece of shit people in this world that don't give a fuck about nothing, but themselves, liars deceivers abusers all these nasty things and their living better life than me. I'm still living in the same apartment I grew up in, I want to move into a new apartment dammit I wanna move into my new life. I don't like this character anymore, I want this character dead ! And I'm going to kill it off and rewrite my own script, I've worked hard enough and I deserve more. I've been humble enough that I deserve more!!!!! It's my life and I want it now !!!!!
"
Just okay. Kind of down this afternoon, and not really sure why. Might be stressed about work that needs to get done somewhere down the road, but I don't really know. 
stressed because my parents expect so much from me all the time
Much better today! Weather has been nice and plenty of reasons to be happy.
Alright today. The cases on campus stuff is still a little nerve-wracking, and I've got plenty of work to do. But at least this warm weather is sticking around. 
I've heard that cases are rising on campus and I'm not sure how to feel. There's a bit of anxiety of course, but by this point I feel like I've been through this so many times already I know how it's gonna go. More importantly, I know there's nothing I can do about it. I just have to sit back and do my own thing and hope it doesn't reach my dad who has health issues. I haven't gotten covid a single time and I hope to keep that streak going.
The weather was beautiful and I got so much work done! I started the day with some yoga and that really helped to ground me. I'd say I'm at a good place :)
Happy
Feeling okay. Lots on my mind, some good, some bad. 
Happy
Happy
Calm
Calm today
Quite nervous but I am alright I don’t know why sometimes I wake up mad.. I wonder if it’s normal.
Working out has improved my anxiety so much recently. But the issue is that I get anxious about working out too! I'm so afraid to go to the gym by myself. Yet, I know I need to in order to relieve my daily stressors.
I feel overwhelmed and exhausted. After school ended I returned home for two weeks before going back to the city. Being at home makes me feel odd. I am reminded of all of the problems that I tried to escape.
I was tearing up and felt pretty solemn
Happy to be alive
Today I woke up feeling okay. Just need to relax myself. I need to just be calm and not feel like everytime something falls down I gotta fall down too.
unmotivated because i want to start working out to get fit but it's so hard to get started
I think im starting to cope with my depression with alcohol. im terrified of myself now
Had a wonderful day today! I've been filling up my week so I have something to look forward to every day. Feeling good and in control!
I feel so numb all the time. I was with my best friend and I had to pretend like I was having a good time
I sometimes feel guilty for not feeling sad enough. Like I am genuinely so unbothered by some events that I wonder if there is something wrong with me. I mean there probably is a little bit wrong with me. But if there's anything that I have learned as I have gotten older, its that everyone is a little bit screwed up in the head.
It's strange how we have all moved on from COVID. Like it was this massive traumatic event that had killed millions of people. But we are conditioned to move on from it. Did we just forget about all the victims? How are we supposed to make sense of the scale of this disaster?
I was feeling a bit anxious and stressed on making sure I'd do well before starting something new
I feel a bit stressed because I have so many plans in my life so many goals I want to complete and I know we’re suppose be calm and take things day by day but if it’s up to me I’ll try to get every single thing done in 1 day idk why
Everytime I crave love , I don’t really receive it. It’s usually given to me unexpectedly. Which is okay. But yesterday I wanted to love and affection and i might sound selfish because I understand everyone has their own issues. But I just needed that. So bad. 
I was suppose to get a surgery due to an accident I had and I’m just so nervous I don’t like hospitals I don’t like being touched knowing I’ll be going into surgery or something just the thought is crazy it’s give me anxiety
worried about my future because what if i'm pursuing something that i don't even have a passion for?
I have to go see my lawyer today so I am nervous i just want this day over already
My weight is also one of the reasons I’ve fallen into depression. Some days I’m motivated to get up and work out and I complete it but when I get in my head and can’t find a way out it’s makes it really hard for me to work out
Today I feel sad I’ve been going through it mentally financially… people don’t really have my back like I have theirs and it just makes me want to cry so bad
"Grief is tough, losing something or someone that was just there, is not easy, and there is no right or wrong way, to properly cope with grief. I read all these self help books, had conversations with my therapist on how to deal with a lot of my losses, and what I realize is that even my therapist don't know what the fuck she's talking about, when she gives my her bullshit textbook advice. 
Now don't get me wrong there was some advice, that she did gave me that actually helped, but not all of it. Everybody doesn't work the same away. What works for me some people would disagree, especially these goddamn fucking doctors and therapist and all these other motherfuckers that think they know it all, just because they got a degree don't mean you fucking know everything. What works for me is alcohol, marijuana, making Music, writing songs, dancing, having sex with beautiful women and sometimes Beautiful men as well ,but just letting it all is how I cope with it.
Living life is how I cope with grief, funny thing is that it'll be the same people telling me I shouldn't drink, When I was getting fucked up with them the night before. I guess being a hypocrites is how they deal with grief. I'm being real, if anything this is what they subconsciously taught me how to deal with grief, for an example during my college years, if one of us failed a class, we would go out to a bar and say fuck it, even when we celebrated passing the semester, we would go out to a bar. I feel like I literally graduated in a bar. So am I wrong or is the system wrong let me know. I'm going to live life that's how I deal with grief. Because why TF not?! Because think about it if I failed at something or if I lost something, there's nothing I can do about it, then just learn from the experience, and learning from experience is nothing but taking mental notes. While living my life, if and when I fail, or take an L, I make mental notes along the way, and those mental notes will help me become more successful."
Overwhelmed
I'm angry
I'm feelling sad.
Overwhelmed
I've gotten used to having this sort of constant underlying dread, so other than that I feel pretty alright.
"Calm

Today was a calm day I didn't have to work so I mainly stayed around the house to complete some housework there. I mainly listen to music while I clean so I was doing that while enjoying the sounds of the rain hitting my window "
Quite happy and pleased at myself
Happy
Pretty alright today. Plenty to be happy about. The drizzle doesn't help my mood though.
I feel happy
Better today. Sources of stress are diminishing, went on a long walk to an art museum, which was nice and soothing. 
"The thoughts that  go through my mind, while I’m just existing.  I could be in the here and now but my mind will always wander. You can have a whole conversation with me, I’ll be able to comprehend the words you'll say, respond to the questions you'll ask me. 
And even think deeply about how to respond to you. You would’ve really thought I was 100% present and You had my whole undivided attention. Meanwhile my mind will be wandering in the most odd places, thinking about the weirdest scenarios, coming up with ideas, I really be going into the void and I can’t stop it.
And I don’t wanna stop, I like it. 
I be having ideas like Moving to uncharted uncivilized parts of the world, where the people just live under a rock. with just a backpack and all my valuable information, just in case I have to flee & my plans fail, while I’m there I’ll will  empower the natives that inhabit the area, by giving them a vast amount of information, 
And also making things up as I go, I will make them believe what I told them is true by performing Science projects and calling it a ""miracle”. I will convince them that there's a Group of capitalistic people that wants to harm them, and take everything that they have.  
This would help me form a nation of unforgivable Warriors, that won’t ever let up. Men, women, children & animals all will become warriors dedicated only to one mission, I Will even train the bees to fight, I will make them believe that their only purpose is to conquer the world. So they will live for that purpose, The perfect fuel for the perfect people. And it goes so much deeper, like how I would divide them up by classes based off the strengths and weaknesses .. And blah blah blah blah blah blah but yea stuff like that runs free through my mind on a daily basis.  "
"Yesterday I had to attend a community meeting, being one of the handful of young community leaders, a position that I didn't ask for they just threw it at me, I don't know why tho,  but anyway, we sitting around the table in a restaurant, politicking, nitpicking, flame throwing and throwing blame, you know the shit that politicians do, just talk heavy game, about shit that we gonna do, & all the shit that hasn't been done. But in reality a little change has been made, within the community, and I've seen it. But for some reason the elders in the community refused to see it, I guess they want to see a dramatic change before they die, I don't know. 
All I know is that, they want instant gratification like right now tho. Honestly how the fuck do you give 1 million people in the  biggest public housing complex in the world, instant gratification, thats impossible. You can't make everybody happy. But now I see why they made religion. If regular people doing their best, can't make them happy, some magical White Jesus in the sky can.  it's the hopefulness that Instant gratification is right around the corner, but you don't know when it's coming.. They prefer that better than not having an answer, thats keeps them alive & gives them the strive to keeps going. Cause Rome wasn't built in a day, tho Rome was still built. But they don't want it to make sense, they wanted it to make change,   Btw I'm not religious, I'm very much spiritual."
Happy
"Let's leave the spiritual stuff, to the spiritual people Karen!!!!! why am saying this is
Capitalistic minded people will do anything to make a buck, even fuck with Secret stuff. They have no business messing with, they really think they can make a child of light more awakened for a dollar. This bothers the shit out of me. 
The children of light vibrate on a  high frequency that's equal to that color violet that's why they call it UV or ultraviolet vibrations ,but a Karen would call them indigo children. Children already vibrate on high frequencies is the ones that keep the childlike quality in them as adults, these people are who you call the children of light. Materialistic beings are constantly vibrating on lower levels , only consuming things that don't serve them, like sex money drugs & buying stuff, all the stupid things that just take your energy. Children of light learned how to go through the frequencies with ease but they only resonate and stay majority of the time on a high frequency of UV.   I like to call it Universal. 
Children love without question 
Children imagine without restriction 
Children are always curious about what if, what is
Children a free responsibility 
You can tell a child to make a flying carpet,  they were used imagination and draw out exactly how the flying carpet will work.
Children live free through imagination.


As Kanye West said 
“ You can live to through anything through  imagination “  

he is an example of a child of light. "
I'm feeling great 😊
Happy because its Friday one more day to work.
"There’s not a lot of good people in the world, The world is being held together by a hand full of good souls that love & cares about humanity, dealing with good people the best policy is honesty.  I remember when I decided to cut everybody out, and I isolated myself I still do now but a little less, and I remember when I was speaking on the phone with my therapist and I told her, The best victims to deceive are fools with hearts of gold, They’re only fools until they’re not, And then that’s when I’ve learned, to continuously break my own heart, when dealing with someone that I care about, because I knew that they were going to break my hart soon or later, I didn’t know when, where or how, I just knew, so instead of waiting for that time to arrive, I decided to break my own heart ahead of time, The problem is even if you break the heart it’s still gold it’s just broken, and some people are just born that way. 
I don’t expect anything, I don’t ask for much. 
i do my best to mind my Business, and Focus on myself, and create, it just that simple."
"My core values are 

Letting a person be themselves even, if you do not agree with their views. 

Communication and understanding. 
When communicating with someone don’t just hear them, listen to them so, you can understand.

Learning from past mistakes so you will not fall victim to it again. 

Being open minded, you can better understand someone this way. 

Taking responsibility for your own actions. 

Not taking things too personal. 


Being honest even if it hurts, if you truly love someone you’ll be honest with them regardless, even if you think they can’t take it. 

Tough love, I sing to this tune very well. 

Growing as a unit, if you do not wanna grow and learn together, I will not stick around, I will dismiss you, regardless if I care about you a lot, I will act like I don’t, 
And I will tell my friends that I don’t and I will tell you that you don’t. 


yourself love, even when you don’t feel like loving yourself, when you feel like a big failure or you just wanna die and give up, fight through it and love yourself..


Reliable, if I can’t rely on you I can’t trust you, and if you feel like you can rely on me but you can’t reciprocate, then I’ll start to think that you’re taking a vantage of me, and I will dismiss you.  

Being fair, thinking that a relationship will always be 50-50 is not realistic, because people do have limitations, but we can make it fair in different ways. For an example,  if I cant cook, and you know how to cook, I’ll buy & bring the food to you, you’ll cook the food and we eat together , that’s it.. it’s that simple, I can show another example, because people think this is so damn hard. 
If I pay the rent, you clean the house that’s it. If I’m the money maker, you’re the caretaker that’s your job. It’s really that simple. 

Trust, if I can’t trust you, I will not waste your time I will just dismiss you.

Loving thou neighbor, it can be hard at times but do the best you can. 


Quality time, if Someone give you their time that means They respect you, Time is very valuable and you can’t get that back once it’s gone. So respect mines especially if I’m spending hard earn money that I got from trading my time to spend money and time with you. 

Being open minded, if I can’t talk to you on a higher level then the basics, I will dismiss you. 


having a hustlers mentality, if we’re in a together, and you’re broke I can’t deal with you, because you only know how to be broke, and there’s only one way to be broke and there’s  1 million ways to make money. "
Very sad
Happy and Excited
It's a nice day and im actually enjoying it it makes me happy
lazy because i slept 13 hours which was a waste of time despite being refreshing
guilty because my parents are paying for my education and i feel spoiled
Annoy angry
Sad
Good
Sad Lonely
I am feeling blessed, I woke up another day. Good
Chilling, enjoying what I'm doing
Anxious
I'm sort of rethinking my relationship. I'm happy with this person but his home life is starting to become unbearable. I just don't know how much I'm willing to take on in terms of being around his family.
Lonely
I am so freaking afraid of hospitals and doctors. I got my wisdom teeth out yesterday and getting an IV was horrid. I think its because my mother passed from cancer and hospitals freak me the hell out.
I've been thinking a lot about systemic violence recently. It probably has to do with all the recent mass shootings. The recent elementary school shooting in Texas is especially horiffic. I feel powerless. All we can do is pray for them. I'm sick of this happening. And I don't even know the kids.
I have this weak spot for people and they tend to keep taking advantage of it and they know they are and continue to do so and it messes me up because it’s my fault I keep giving chances
Woke up feeling okay today, I am very thankful for my life everyday. I am happy I didn’t wake up sad today. 
hopeful because i had a work call and am excited for the future
I recently talked to my family about history of mental illness in our family and im so pissed they hid our medical history from me for so long. for a while I felt broken, like I was the only sick one. 
So I am in the middle of a diet lol, well kind of. I know I can do it but I got my days where I be ready to just give up 
"I’m happy and enjoyed a day out but also feel bad about spending so much money 


"
Overall I feel ok still fighting this battles quietly. But I don’t give up I listen to a lot of music that relates to me or my situation and I begin to work out
"Just thoughts and feelins while listening to songs

Songs and artists are honestly so powerful in their ability to convey emotion and make their audience feel the same way. Obviously for songs in our native languages, in addition to the mood of the song, the lyrics can also convey the story and make us relate or feel a certain way, but it is so crazy how songs that we might not understand at all can still affect how we feel! One song I listened to in Japanese made me feel the melancholy and longing of the character in the song and it was such an interesting experience.
"
It’s interesting how long-term exposure and media can desensitize us to violence and issues in our world, so in thinking about why myself and others maybe not be as bothered by headlines sometimes, I feel guilty and contemplative about this. I wonder if it’s a way of dealing with grief? Perhaps because it is too much to constantly get berated with these events and have it deeply wound us and turn us melancholic all the time, so eventually people get tired of caring—in a way. It’s not that we no longer care, but a sort of numbing effect I suppose. If there is so much cause for grief and sadness, people should care more because it is obviously a large and impactful issue, and there will be specific events that still really affect me if I linger on it and learn more about them, but the sense of numbness and not caring to not be affected does cause guilt when I realize what’s happening. I wonder how we can combat this normalization of issues and properly deal with grief so that it’s healthy for us and still helpful for solving the seen issues.
"Contemplative about how people deal with and hide away grief

It's interesting how sometimes adults try to shun the younger kids and young adults away from death and grief. Granted, I've been lucky enough to not have anyone in my immediate family that I was very close with pass away, but for the extended family, I was always kept out of the loop. Although I was old enough to know and understand death, I was never explicitly notified and never attended a funeral or anything like that. All the ones that I know about I either gathered at the time-of from overhearing things or it was eventually brought up assuming I knew (which I did). I think one reason why the young ""kids"" always have to stay home at funerals is because the older adults don't want us to see them so vulnerable and heartbroken because it would be distressing to us and probably would have a longer lasting image. Anyways, this was just one of the things I thought about when thinking about grief."
I used to date this person I was madly in love with this person was everything to me. I’ve explain to this Person my ups & downs and how I’ve been betrayed before and we were doing great I was so happy. Till this person broke my heart and betrayed me completely.
I don’t want to get dragged deeper into my depression. At times I can get over certain things and continue to be ok .. other times I feel so weak
That tension headache is at a 7/10 right now, just downed two extra strength Tylenol to try and kill it. First one to get in to work most days but I leave at 5pm so I'm not to mad about it. Im thinking vacation soon, always wanted to see south Korea. Get authentic Korean BBQ. 
Good
Annoyed  mostly, work is what it is but it becomes worse when you work with adult babies and you've got the tension headache from hell. I feel like I've got to take some kind of vacation, I worked the entire 2yrs going on 3 without taking one because of this pandemic and staff shortages. I am TIRED
Just got my headphones to connect to my laptop. Bluetooth is awesome l 💜💜 wireless devices. But it can be so difficult to get both sides to connect at once sometimes. Music is my happy place, and sometimes for me a good song can really help be shake off the blues.
Maybe it's me, I'm the only thing my past relationships have in common. These past 5yrs I have been a single Pringle. Kinda enjoying it but lonely. Single mom 3 kids working everyday, thats a reality many people are living. I just want to find a guy who is good lol a nice person who loves me for me would be great. But at the same time I'm overly cautious, my choices in men have not been stellar, like AT ALL. My first boyfriend we have 2 children that he hid from his family till his sister found our oldest son's birth certificate amount his belongings and my second boyfriend who I have 1 child with tried to do the same thing except I was convinced not to let my child be a dirty little secret and I told them, only to be tossed aside and vilified as some how. It took them until my son was 5yrs old and his grandfather finding out to come back into my son's life. Now my baby is ecstatic to have a "dad" and extols on his virtues but I'm the only one who knows the truth of it. It physically pains me when my son praises his dad. I try to be neutral but this guy broke up with me when I was 8.5 months pregnant.  
Disgusting
Today, after Iwent with my relative I thought about my brother who passed 5 months ago.
Upset Sad
Sad angry
I'm feeling lonely because my heart is hurting from the loss of my pet. I walk through my door from work and the home just doesn't feel the same anymore,
I"m somewhat hopeful just knowing that my pet is in Doggie Heaven. I really miss him, and I know that he is not suffering. So I am somewhat hopeful. 
Guilty, I am planning to go on vacation this week, but I lost my pet last week, and I feel terribly guilty leaving knowing that I just lost my baby.
I am Angry because I thought I would get to spend more time with him. he was just seven years old.
Two of my family members came by to visit me, I felt calm knowing that I had some company. They kind of ease the pain that I'm going through. 
It has been six days now and I seem to still think about my Dog. People ask about him, and it saddens me to think that he is no longer here. Hurting all over again.
Sometimes I feel numb from crying so much, every time I think about him the tears just fall.
Right now I am sad, Lost my pet this week and seem to be down. It breaks my heart because he was like my child.
The tears just continue to fall. It hurts more when I'm all alone. I walk done my hall to go to the kitchen and I'm sad all over again, he lay by my bedroom and he is no longer there. I just wish that I could of had some more time.                
Sad
Good  but sad
I'm home alone and I feel very lonely, My Husband gets off late, my son is away, and I'm still looking for my Pet while being in this house all by myself. I'm missing him more when I'm home alone. God please give me the strength to get through this.
Good
I'm leaving in two days to go on vacation, hopefully, the pain that I'm feeling will ease a little. Hopefully, it will take my mind off of losing my Dog. I will never stop missing him, and I am grateful that i had seven years with him.
Sad
Upset
Good
Exasperated and tired
Concerned, in some pain, contemplative
my ear hurts and slightly concerned
Sad, facepalm -- just think about that "noooo" moment
Loving free food
excited and nostalgic
Frustrated with sibling and not understanding how we can be so different
tired with dealing with stuff and having repetitive issues
Working hard and somewhat excited
Sleep deprived, torn, annoyed, and frustrated
Today is a good day. Not trying to get in touch with in-laws, they keep pulling off my bandaid  for healing 
Stressed
"Hopeful ... 

I hope that someone will discover a magic pill to make these COVID 19 long haul symptoms go away!

I pray it will happen soon."
Much better today.
Happy
Some times I feel lonely
I’m feeling calm at the moment I try not to let anything still me peace of mind
Sometimes I could feel guilty
Love the feeling of being surprise
I feel Stressed
Anxious
Ok
Pretty good
Under the weather
There are moments where I’m afraid
A little better today
Sick
I am angry
Peaceful
Tired
Lonely
I feel excited
"OOps! I think that I made a mistake! I am still learning how to use this! I was saying that I was excited about being asked to appear on a ZOOM broadcast speaking about partnerships.  I needed something positive to happen as so many people have passed away in the last few weeks. I know that God is in control of all things, but it still bothers me a bit. I am a minister, but I still feel empathy for the families. Rev. G

 "
Clear headed
Calm
Tired
I’m in survival mode
Hot
Hot
Happy
I feel angry
Calm
Happy
Overwhelmed , 
Everyday you gotta take it every step at a time
Happy
medium
I am excited as I am now starting college after I was supposed to start last year. However as covid has ended an alot of things are now accessible and I am able to do more I am excited to see whats to come , last year I had alot going on which made me feel that college wasn't the best decision in that time but now Im focused. 
Even though Alot of changes has occurred over these past 2 years. Due to everyones lifestyle changing and growing up I feel as though I'm obligated to succeed which makes it difficult to have time for myself with everything on my plate.
Annoyed that after these past few years of covid, with this new monkeypox people are not protecting themselves and continue to wear no mask. 
Calm because if you get over emotional you tend to make mistakes and I cant make no mistakes right now
I feel as though even though I might get rattled Im almost certain nothing right now can really make me cry just because of how rough these past few years were.
Im happy that im lonely if that makes sense, during covid I had alot of people around me and you begin to understand that not everyone has the same goals as you and that you cannot force anyone to have the same heart as you therefore you must let people go to be able to truly be happy. 
Im do not necessarily have no emotion but It seems that thats the attitude I must have around others because they tend to try and break you or change the way you think. When your feeling sad they tend to keep you down with bringing up other issues and if your happy they shower you with their life problems.
Im feeling surprised because I didn't know that covid would have such an effect on my life looking back. When it first started I brushed it off and never really paid it any mind, however looking back time flies fast and covid showed me a lot I never knew after going through so many emotions in the short span of two years. 
Im feeling guilty as I feel like the place I am now in life I should've been at I feel like I wasted alot of time due to covid and just lack of awareness I wasted alot of time for which I always beat myself up for. Furthermore, Its only progress from here. 
Im feeling hopeful because I feel like I am finally getting back to myself after thats been occurring these past couple of years. Alot of hope was lost due to personal, financial, and emotional issues due to covid and other events. However I see an opening and many opportunities presenting themselves to me that I can take advantage of now. 
mixed emotions.
Feeling numb. Despite everything seeming to go downhill I keep moving forward. Could it be that I’m numb ? Maybe I’m too grown to shed tears , my soul ain’t been the same I been so damaged through the years.
I’ve had better days. This is one of the days I’m not feeling my best. Still lost for words. At this point I’m just existing. But I suppose I’m stronger than I realize, I’m still continuing my everyday life working, working out, going to school. But time heals everything, I suppose I just give it time. 
Very stressed. Crying all morning
Todays weather is much cooler than yesterday. Nice breeze and great energy. Enjoy your day everyone
I’m excited about The Weekend. It’s been a hard month for me and I’m about ready to let loose. Family & friends or I haven’t seen in a while is coming out to see me and it makes me happy. Definitely excited to see what this weekend involves.
Feeling good. Today is Friday and I’m already out and about. The weathers good, people seem in a better mood and so do I. Might go out tonight and have a night on the town. It’s well deserved.
hopeful
Today I’m feeling hopeful. In a better mood staying busy. The weather being slightly cooler is also a plus. I would call today one of my better days. I guess the rain makes you appreciate the sunshine.
Today I’m feeling a lil emotional’ for the past few weeeks all I can think about is my grandmother ‘ she past an next week coming makes a year of her passsing an honestly speaking I don’t think I’m ready ‘ I don’t think I ca handle it when the day comes ‘ she was my rock
Sad. Not feeling like myself this morning. I woke up thinking about my friend that passed. I think about them every day. I try to stay busy to avoid thinking about them. But I can’t get my mind off it.
Anxious and guilty
I am feeling hopeful today. With every loss of a life brings forth two new ones. Today a new addition to my family was added and I must say I needed this good news.
I’m feeling a little down today. I woke up thinking about my friend again and how death is unavoidable. It’s weird how death can make you feel human.
Calm. Slightly emotionless. Could be better. Have been better. Few regrets but I’m learning to accept the things I can not change.
I am feeling happy today because I’m in a good space in my life I finally found my future life partner we love each other the children are happy and bonding I’m in a space where I’m great full in this moment
currently at work and i escape to the bathroom to come on here, i like my job but it comes with alot of stress. my co workers are always going at it and im always in between 
i just cant wait for the holidays thats when im the most happiest weather certain people come around or not, i love the holidays i feel like thats when its my time to shine 
yesterday i was really sad because i felt lonely. it sucks sometimes when you're constantly there for someone and they are never there for you when you need them the most
i feel calm today , yesterday i was too much in my head . today i woke up feeling so much better thank god. 
Annoyed
halloween is coming up and i am a bit sad because it wasnt how it used to be before. now im afraid to take my kids trick or treating because we dont know what their doing.
HOPING TODAY CAN CONTINUE TO BE BETTER FOR ME , I JUST WANNA BE OKAY .  
but as of now i have to continue with my life. i have to find things and do it especially if it keeps me happy. like going to a favorite place.
thinking about going back to gym so i can stop being in my thoughts so much. its keep me calm, i find working out a break to my inside thoughts. sometimes when i work out i cry, not because of the pressure of working but because of all the pain ive been holding on too that turns into pressure, 
i miss my dad so much, ever since he been gone my life hasnt been the same, i am thankful for my kids my family i love them to death but i wish my dad was still here so he can be with us, ah man i used to laugh so much when he was around, but i still stand strong for my kids. 
So today at work my 2 friends had a discussion and it sucks because now it’s like I’m stuck in between this mess.
If people can show the same amount of love I show to them everything could maybe be okay. But it’s always me something so much more.
Today just been a long day for me. I am just so glad I am home.
But yea I’m going to go the gym today to get my mind of Things. It really helps me
So it’s annoys me when I could be going through the worst and still go out my way to help others as if I’m not drowning as well and they don’t see it. Just so unappreciated
Most of the time I’m a bit over stressed and I can’t control it, I’ve tried but I really can’t. I think I should travel more and meet new people 
But today I am hopeful I do have a wonderful family and support system. Although they don’t know much about the battles I have to fight but I love how much they support and care for me.
I wanna find myself again. Find things that make me happy again. I love going for random walks and getting coffee. But alone? That’s the part I don’t like
I miss my father deeply. I wish I could just hug him one more time.
I am actually quite excited about the weekend. Hopefully I get to just have a good time. I don’t wanna think to much just want to enjoy it
I do feel like I need to gain weight. It’s been messing with my self esteem and that holds a big pressure on me, I need to focus on myself 
I can say today is ok. I feel good this morning not a 100 % but almost close thank you god
JUST WANT SOMEBODY TO LOVE ME FOR ME!
I need to go away at least like a vacation or something. I wanna some where peaceful with a nice view just so my mind can actually be at peace
I know one day I’ll be the happiest. It would be because I deserve it and I can’t wait I’ll be so happppppy
I need some love, I feel like what’s the point of being with someone if you feel like your by yourself!!!
I feel bad because I saw this lady coming out of the shelter and her kids had no socks on, and i had this big sheet on my daughter stroller. I decided to give it to her so she can cover them. 
I have a coffee addiction , and the other day I drank about 4 cups of coffee and I felt this wierd rush all of sudden I’ve been so scared since so I try not to drink as much. But it’s really what keep me with energy. 
Today is one day where I just wanna lay down all day and do nothing . I feel so lazy and tired I am completely over it
I’m also a bit off because my grandmother moved to another state to be with her kids but now that she is a bit older Is like they don’t treat her properly. The care an elder suppose receive she doesn’t get it. They are tired of taking care of her. I am trying to convinced her to come back and stay with me instead. & I will take care of her and make sure she is ok
i wanna change my life for the better but i know its going to take time, im already on step 1. but alot is going to change i dont wanna keep living for someone else, i need to keep myself happy . this is my life. 
i am new to expressing myself. i dont really do it because ive been open to many people and they acted like they listen but instead they took my secrets and told others.
HOPE TODAY GOES WELL FOR ME.  I FEEL GOOD BUT WEAK AT THE SAME TIME. UGH I DONT KNOW MAYBE ITS THE WEATHER.
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about
My first boyfriend of two years dumped me near the beginning of college for another girl and stopped speaking to me cold turkey. Left me friendless in a new place. Didn't even acknowledge me when we passed on the same staircase in campus. Two years together and I was dead to him in a day. Now he wants me back and i feel nothing. sorry
covid 19 i feel like it messed up so much for me and my family. my father was okay till covid 19 striked us, and he got really sick. i wish i couldve just snatched everything he gone through and put it in my body 
TODAY I AM BLESSED.  STILL QUITE SAD BUT THANKFUL FOR ANOTHER DAY .
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. Life is a long lesson in humility.
"
on another note im in this relationship in which my partner doesn't like to do anything. my partner birthday is coming up and i told him i got something planned for us to do! that not to many people can do or even have the support you know. so i told him and he says no. he doesnt want to do anything he says he isnt a child. and that bothers me so much.
I MISS MY PARENTS . I REALLY WISH THEY WERE STILL ALIVE
i had this friend in which i trusted so much we grew up together for years , my parents and hers are still friends till this day but i told her my biggest secret and i trusted her so much. she ended up telling someone who she trusted as well and that person ended up spreading my secret, it was such an embarrassing moment for me, and since then i have never spoke to her again. 
my grandmother lives in p.a and i want her to come live with us instead because out there they treat her like shes a regular young person, instead of being to attentive to her, and i dislike that. she doesnt say much but ive noticed and everytime i approach the situation she feels bad because she doesnt want any issues with her children. 
ok so i am in this relationship in which we both been around eachother some time now. only thing is a guy will go around the world to get you , after he has you he doesnt go no where!!! and that is what bothers me. now ive had talks but its like i dont wanna keep talking about the same topic, but its so hard to even think about leaving some one i love and am used to some much. 
but today i feel ok. i dont like complaining because god gives us life and what do i look like complaining about mine when you got people who barley wake up with something to eat. so i feel ok i feel blessed. i ate this morning . i made it to my job safe . i am ok .
on the other hand i want to sign up for the gym, i was told it really helps alot with mental health, and i think i wanna give it a try. maybe i can be out my head instead of in it. 
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
a wise man once said " Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. Don’t be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people’s thinking!! 
today? honestly, im all over the place, especially emotionally, just got alot in my mind.  i do so much i go out for some many people! nobody does anything for me and that is what keeps bringing me down. 
i went out to eat at this steak house and this guy takes his elderly father out for dinner. The older man makes a mess. His son helps him and takes care of everything. and that was so nice , his father was so sad because he made a mess. its nothing like having your children there for you. 
The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won't. It's whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere.
A WISE PERSON ONCE SAID " The purpose of our lives is to be happy " 
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough. 
i was a little off this morning maybe because its the beginning of the week, and its raining. but my co worker made my day and got me some dunkin donuts and i am truly happy ! lol 
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all
Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
The big lesson in life, baby, is never be scared of anyone or anything. live until every moment of yours is laughing and smiling. 
Today i will continue to read my book. I Love reading! its so calming and relaxing! in a cozy room, just reading. its literally the best, i go from drowing in my own thoughts to actually feeling like im in the story and i love it. 
You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth. When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
"i have to learn how to live every moment, learn to love myself in a way i wont tolerate everything I do. 
i owe myself so much its not even funny. i am so disappointed on how much i let myself down knowing who i am and how i stand. its about time, i really get myself together. i miss that real happy glow.  "
i am enough!!! and so its everyone else, we have to love ourself more! i owe myself so much!!!! and i will try to keep myself happy. although i have alot of dark times but i smile through it 
True love includes respect, admiration, care, and never subjecting your partner to hurt, humiliation or any form of abuse, why cant it just be like that!!! 
its been a long day today. cant wait to get home, i had to literally sneak to bathroom to write how i feel in here because my job is so busy and we are short on staff and i find it very unfair that i am unable to go on break 
one thing i do know Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. i love my life and i only have 1 , although it would hurt me so bad to walk away from someone who longer keeps me happy. i rather that then to sit somewhere i keep sinking myself in. 
i am dying to go on a small vacation to like p.a or virginia so i can get away.  and just breath i just wanna breath
Trust yourself that you can do it and get it!! And you will.
When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are
life just be kicking me hard but i stand tall and strong! i am really used to getting past things after a while i  just be completely over it.
so me and my partner are having issues because of social media. it just isn't fair how i have to tolerate things he wouldn't tolerate either.  and i dont want to keep bringing up issues because then he would think its me always picking on him
my friend told me Never love anybody that treats you like you're ordinary and i felt that so much !!!!!
A good person I know once said “ Do what you can, with what you have, where you are! 
I am finally home!!! Which is good and bad , good because I’m tired I wanna eat shower and go to bed. Bad because this suppose to be my home and I’m always getting bashed here. 
It bothers so much how all fingers point at me for everything, as if no one else has a brain or doesn’t know how to think! I can’t ever get a thank you, instead I’ll get you could’ve done better … etc. I can’t wait to finally get my sh** together and move out and move on. 
i will learn from yesterday , no matter how many times i fall !!!! I Believe in myself!!! I know theirs light at the end of the tunnel !!!! i miss old self so much, it saddens me! i have to get back up and be myself.  
I like to paint. That’s one thing that really keeps me calm and just in my zone. I don’t feel anything when I’m painting. As if all my stress just goes directly into the painting.
"Don’t believe every worried thought you have. Worried thoughts are notoriously inaccurate.

Unfortunately I’m always inside my head. "
So yea after all today I felt stressed out. I know it isn’t always about me but when I’m in the position I still treat others the same. No matter what. I’ll treat you with love without you knowing mines is falling apart.
I’m hoping tomorrow after this talk I had with my family things change. Because I help so much here I do more for them then I do for myself.
But this year for me I will end it dismissing everyone I no longer want in my life. I can’t continue to let other play with my heart. With my emotions or my mental health
Alot of people got used to me being a giver or a nice person period! All that is done to me is everyone takes advantage! Even the ones you think are good people those actually turn out to be the worse ppl you’ll meet. We live in a world where everything has to be beneficial. Nothing is actually done genuinely anymore
Today I had a long day working , seeing all these patients with they’re moms just make me sad about the relationship I don’t have with my mom . I really wish I can build a better relationship with her but she’ll never understand how I really feel so her actions won’t ever change 
Loved
Love my family
Sad waiting for my brother
Good
Excited can’t wait for Monday
I NEED TO GO BACK TO THE GYM. I HAVE SO MUCH STRESS AND ANGER INSIDE THAT I NEED TO REALIZE, AND WORKING OUT HELPS ME DO THAT. TO MUCH GOING ON AND TOO MANY EMOTIONS THAT I NEED TO CONTROL.
I WISH I WOULD HAVE CHOSEN A BETTER DAD FOR YOU. I WILL ALWAYS TRY MY BEST . TO BE THE MOTHER THAT YOU NEED. I COULD HAVE DONE MUCH BETTER. NOW I SEE YOU SUFFER BECAUSE OF MY BAD CHOICES. BUT I PROMISE YOU. I WILL ALWAYS BE THERE.
SOMETIMES I START THINKING ABOUT MY PAST AND IT MAKES ME REALLY SAD. I HAVE BEEN THROUGH SO MUCH. THAT I THANK GOD FOR WATCHING OVER ME. SOMETIMES I WISHED I DIDN'T DO SO MANY STUPID THINGS WHEN I WAS YOUNGER. I NEVER FINISHED SCHOOL. ALWAYS BEEN ASHAMED OF THAT. I HAVE VERY LOW SELF-ESTEEM. WICH I TRYING TO WORK ON THAT. I NEED TO FORGIVE MYSELF BECAUSE I'M NOT THE SAME PERSON ANYMORE. BUT JUST DON'T KNOW HOW. I KEEP REMEMBERING THING FROM MY PAST THAT REALLY MAKES ME DEPRESSED.
I'm at a time in my life when I always ask myself why I feel so lonely. I have a family that cares for me. I have a job and I'm healthy . I still can't shake this emptiness that I feel inside. That makes me really sad sometimes because sometimes I don't know what to do. I hope I feel better.
YESTERDAY MY SON CAME UP TO ME AFTER COMING FROM HIS DADS HOUSE. HE TOLD ME THAT HIS FATHER DOES NOT SPEND AS MUCH TIME WITH HIM AS HE USE TO. THAT HE ONLY WANTS TO BE DRINKING AND HANGING OUT WITH HIS FRIENDS. AND THAT WHEN HIS WITH HIM HE WILL LEAVE HIM WITH HIS GRANDMOTHER AND HE WILL GO OUT. I GOT SO ANGRY BECAUSE THAT MAN WAS NOT LIKE THAT. MY CHILD WAS REALLY HURT I CAN SEE IT IN HIS EYES. I ADVISED HIM TO SPEAK TO HIS DAD. AND HIS RESPONSE WAS HIS NOT GOING TO LISTEN HE DOES NOT CARE.
GOOD NIGHT EVERYONE I'M GOING TO MEDITATE RIGHT AFTER I FINISH CLASS SO I CAN HELP MY MIND FEEL AT PEACE BEFORE I GO TO BED. I NEED TO REST I HAVE A BUSY DAY TOMORROW.
TODAY I TRIED SO HARD TO CONTROL MY ANXIETY. I HAVE SO MANY THOUGH GOING THROW MY HEAD. I HAVE SO MUCH GOING ON THAT I CAN BEARLY CATCH MY BREATH. SOMETIMES I THINK IT'S JUST TOO MUCH FOR ME AND I END UP FEELING LIKE CRAP. I'M JUST GOING TO TRY TO TAKE IT A STEP AT A TIME BECAUSE I KNOW THAT I'M A STRONG WOMAN. BUT SOMETIMES I LOSE MYSELF.
I feel calm later on tonight I will try a warm bath, hot chocolate, and some note taking. I need to take initiative and control
"IESO

I feel alone like everyone has their own issues and problems to worry about its hard to vent because my friends start to talk about there problems I end up feeling worse and like i have to help them and push my feelings aside "
"IESO

Overwhelmed, I feel like everything around me is chaotic. As much as I try to organize and focus on the tomorrow its so hard "
my birthday is approaching and I feel all alone don't even feel like celebrating
I wish I had a partner . I never had luck when it comes to love. All the the realationships I have been are broken. Sometimes I think I’m just to nice.
"IESO

I need to learn to love myself more and stop blaming others or the world for bad things that happen to me definitly talking or writing about my emotions makes me a bit hopeful"
"IESO

Finally getting the feeling that things are normalizing but when you have children I am constantly on the worry about covid and crimes are rising. Do things ever get better "
"IESO

I like to write i feel more oganized when I sit down I write things down I find that being organized in a world full of chaos is therapeutic. Focus on the things you can control "
I wish I can do better for my family sometimes I fill like a failer
I really need to work on commiting to myself and my health I want to join the gym but i keep making excuses for myself I am always busy but i need to learn to put me first
"IESO

I have autistic brothers and I constantly worry about the future for them :( Finding resources for them are super hard "
The world is full of judges when we are all jurors =/
Some people don’t understand me . They think that I just don’t want to do better for myself. Sometime I just need someone to hear me out. People can be so judge mental.never judge a book by its cover because you never no what is that person is going through.
"IESO

Life has become a routine and sometimes I feel like routine can cause stress we also have to live a little right ? "
Today I woke up feleling a little better than yesterday. I just hope someone don’t come and mess up my day. Because is really hard d for me to get past this and it will just mess up my whole day .
So far i I’m having a great that . Work has been a little tuff . But I feel great
Today I woke up happy and blessed
My children have no respect for me I am a great father I just don’t down what I did wrong.
I have a halloween event scheduled with some girlfriend mainly for distraction. But i feel super guilty if I go. I shouldnt be having fun yet i should be grieving. I dont want to ruin it for my girlfriends either. I feel like i would just stand there blank when they should be having fun.... ahhh i dont know might cancel
I had better days . Feel so alone.
I love to play the piano my dad taught me to play the piano ever since he passed I havent touched my piano =(
Sadly noone understands me. Ive heard about grieving groups but most days i feel this pain will never get better
Its nice to talk about my feelings out loud i feel super comfortable here. I usually dont talk about my feelings because I am in constant tears =/
Bedtime is lonely i miss him next to me. My thoughts make me restless
Distraction is my biggest helper thus far but nights are lonely
I want to give up but for my children i must keep going i miss him so so much! Come back baby I feel like i cant do this without you =(
I have days where I laugh and reminise but then i realize your gone and im in pain again
my heart hurts =( does the pain ever stop
"IESO

I am always giving and helping others and realize the energy is never reciprocated I try to have boundaries and try to say no but then i feel the world returns negative energy back to me. I need to surround myself with people who have the same compassion I have for them back to me. "
Overwhelmed lack of energy anxious, as a mom of 4 i feel like the world never pauses constantly work work work no breaks always in my thoughts about how to protect my kids from this cruel world
So I had a custermer today that tried to get me out of character. But I stayed calm . I did not let it get to me.
I think I worry to much I’m going to take care myself more . And give it all I got. Even though I be going through hard time. Im a strong person
IT'S BEEN 7 YEARS SINCE YOU PASSED. I NEVER KNEW THIS CAN STILL HURT LIKE IT WAS YESTERDAY. WISHED I WOULD OF SPENT MORE TIME WITH YOU. YOU ARE ALWAYS IN MY DREAM. EVERY DAY SINCE YOU PASSED. YOU WERE THE BEST GRANDMOTHER/MOTHER ANYONE COULD OF HAVE. I JUST WISHED YOU WOULD HAVE STAYED WITH ME. I WOULD HAVE TAKEN CARE OF YOU AND YOU WOULDNT GOT REALLY SICK AS YOU DID. I MISS YOU SO MUCH. SOMETIMES I CRY WHEN I'M BY MYSELF BECAUSE I WISH YOU WERE STILL HERE.
Down and sad; asking myself is her angel watching over me
Missing her dearly, I wonder if she’ll be proud of who I am today & how I’ve turned out; mistakes & all or would I just be a disappointment 
The thought of being without him scares me but  it feels like it’s door leading to freedom & a different kind of happy
Constant fear and worry about your own health and the health of your loved ones.
Sad that I am no myself anymore, I’ve lost who I used to be, filled with hate & anxiety.
they say things are normalizing but i still dont see it lol all my friends have gone through new rounds of covid diagnosis in the past month
feeling more and more antisocial each day i dont know why =(
Routines and alot of self care sometimes does help
hopelessness and worry for the future and our kids
I feel I have zero control on anything
atigued, stressed, or sad due to the effects of COVID-19 and due to life circumstances. 
months of disrupted schedules, canceled milestone celebrations and daily logistical challenges. Little wonder so many of us feeling lonely, frustrated and vulnerable, physically, emotionally and financially.
Everyone has bad days when sadness, lack of motivation or worry get the best of them, especially in dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic
trying to find healthy ways to cope does anyone here have any opionions ?
Sad about heartbreak with anxiety of being alone I feel I have nowhere to turn
Today my boyfriend told me he doesn’t love me anymore I don’t know how to feel about it or what to do
I hate feeling like this but I honestly don’t feel like living sometimes I feel my presence is at times worthless nobody cares !
and the world does not stop for anyone
sometimes i feel like a still picture and everything around me is going
today its a great day feeling blessed
believe in your self stay positive although I might have many challenges Im still leaning how to manage myself witch is very important.
the way i see it if you want the rainbow you have to put up with the rain that's a fact
Should I dye my hair , maybe I’ll feel different if I look different 
I love my boyfriend so much sometimes I can scream
When will I be enough for this world , I don’t think I ever will be 
My sons birthdays coming up , idk what to get him due to the holidays coming and money. Is looking very dry 
This weekend I was told my son has epilepsy and has to drink medicine for the rest of his life
Today I had such a long day it was super draining and exhausting. Today wasn’t a good day for me
hello recently suffered a lost im not used to showing emotion because i am a male so im more angry than anything its built up
Sad very sad things are very hard right now.
i feel like a part of me is gone :(
Praying for others
I’m thankful for a lot this upcoming thanksgiving
Feeling to myself lately I don’t want to talk to people about my son I don’t want people to feel bad for me
Today I met someone , but he has a girlfriend idk what to do we get along so well 
"...Give it some time to pick up my past bits and pieces…
I’m slowly sinking…
"
we are all braver than we believe
and the thing is the worst feeling in life is not being lonely.  Its being forgotten by someone you could not forget! and that breaks me.
I would also like to try going to the gym and burn out my stress lol does anyone else use this as a form of therapy
im working on heaLing my heart which is in constant pain :(
routines are very helpful
just feel like im waiting for something thats never going to happend.
it feels good to empty my thoughts onto the keyboard
i just feel like ughhh 50/50. i need to let go and move foward so i wont keep ending up in the same dark place :((
and i am the type of person who is going to cover up all her pain with smiles and laughs. My tears are words that cant be explained.
i know im going to make it, and get pass this pressure i feel, like its eating me alive, slowly. i really try to stay on a positive note but its so hard :((
i have been isolating alot since covid
just going to hope for better days.
Each day within me I fight a silent battle of surviving yet another day
A World of Hurt. We are all healing and for everyone the healing process is different
absorption. Adjustment. Acceptance.
There is no pushing through. But rather, there is absorption. Adjustment.
im always the person who tries to keep everyone happy but often ends up feeling the loneliest!!
Death ends a life, not a relationship you still live in my heart and mind always
i am hiding what im feeling but im tired of keeping it inside of my head.
Loss is an inevitable part of life
im not a really good talker this helps alot i feel much more comfortable
Bouncing from frustration’s grim aftermath
everybody keeps pressuring me ! its annoying & upsetting!!! i cant do it nomore.
somedays i feel loved , somedays i dont. i dont like inconsistent people. dont pick and choose when to act like you want to love me. 
the other day i was in my thoughts and i ahte when im asked if im mad or whats wrong with me
but today i feel alright. i wish i could hurt people the way they hurt me but i know if i had the chance i still wouldnt be able to do it. but its okay! im going to try to move foward.
but i know nothing stays the same , you dont stay happy forever and you dont stay sad forever. 
i tried not being sad but loneliness follows me.
everytime i try to fix a broken person i end getting cut and then no one fixes me!! then im the one who stays all sad and broken!!
i feel ok . but i want to thank god because whenever im feeling down i pray alot and it just be such a relief for me.
blah =|
dear friends self care is the best care
feeling really tired.
You would be your best for someone you love I mean you bestest you be there for them everything! Through the ups and downs and after while they still think is just isn’t enough
I miss my grand parents those are my favorite people. Wow
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same
I wish I had someone to speak with. But since this is like having your own book without anyone knowing who’s the author is actually relieving. Because I can truly say  I have myself. Im always there for others & no one for me.
Well today I feel alright. I have a lot of pressure because of work. I have a lot of work to do and I have no days off unfortunately we are short staffed here. Its very upsetting and depressing i dont have to do anything at all.
i miss my parents so much :((
sometimes i feel alone but i also enjoy my won company when im with others i feel overwhelmed
today im feeling down, just feel empty.
need to go on a vacation, i want to go by the water and just breath that cold fresh air! and just think, think about everything, i want to cry it all out. 
need some family love. family time! so i can just feel at peace because thats my peace.
I am thinking of getting a new hair cut. Maybe it could help me feel better about myself.
I have a child with autism. sometimes things are hard, but I'm blessed to have him in my life. He has taught me a lot.
my weakness is that i care too much and love hard
come back jack come back
Im extra lonely I need company
AND I WISH ON A STAR THAT SOMEWHERE U ARE DREAMING OF ME TOO
LATE AT NIGHT WHEN ALL THE WORLD IS SLEEPING A STAY UP AND THINK OF YOU
The way he made plans for my future and always included my daughter in everything. He was my soulmate. Now he is my angel
i cannot replace him noone will ever treat me that way
I miss him so much, wow I was deep in love i fell i fell hard and now he is gone 
I want that old thing back
AFRAID to start something new
i dont know where to start but ill keep pushing throught for me and my son
its super stresssful and annoying this world and constant stress everyone is under
all i see with covid are the negatives nothing positive about the outbreak
I dont blame them i dont want to work either but life smacks you across your face if you dont heslo peoples
its not just him everyone noone wants to work
he doesnt want to do anything to improve himself
my son since COVID had a mental breakdown and ive been going crazy because of it
I think this pandemic truly affected everyone !!
before the pandemic he was very resourceful and full of life and ideas
As of right now I feel numb
Going to the gym tonight so I can ease my mind and not think so Much and be inside of my head! Music and working out helps my depression in so many ways.
stop being there for people that will never be there for you.some people will use you just because you do right for them
on another one though i feel confused. i dont want to be played with anymore i dont wanna keep putting my self through the same thing over and over. at this point its my choice but choices are so hard when you love someone so much
I have been through a lot I can say this year I been having a break. Lost my job got another one to loosening friends. But I wanna thank the real one that stayed by me.
Im glad I was referred to this site . Now I can really exprese how I feel with people judging me
Good night everrone greatfull that i got to share my feeling with everyone  Stay bless
today was a great day.not everything is perfect. But things will work out and I will be stonger.
By now we would have been in a huge house with a big back yard our little perfect family of four
I try talking to him telling him that he should go to school or get a good job but he doesnt do anything just stay home laying down on the TV PS or phone I want to kick him out the house but he is my son
They say Sad hurts but it's a healthy feeling. But to me , if its healthy then why am I so destroyed by it!! 
"I just dislike I have such a huge heart for people who heart isn’t as big as mine for me. 
No one does anything for me. In anyway. "
i feel angry because i stay doing favors for so many. but when it comes to me????? yeah no.
lonely . I miss my parents so much! I really wish i can just bring them back .
when you feel like you've had it up to here , and you're mad enough to scream but you're sad enough to tear . That's rock bottom!  & That's exactly how i feel right now . 
just been feeling down and empty. I need some love from family.
someone who values me wouldn't put their self in a position to loose me!!
i feel like sometimes the questions are so complicated but the answers are so simple.
a wise women once said ... The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any!
i have to start praying hard for more patients because the one i have now, its not working. 
the pain never really goes away you just elevate and get used to it by growing stronger.
deeply sad
i really hope things change from now on. i have to stop letting the littlest things bring me down! i hate that im so weak to certain things i should be standing strong on!
not so well. Missing my parents more than anything right now.
and sleep doesn't help for me especially if its my soul that's tired.
i have to find a way to beat this bad feeling or sad feeling i have inside. i have to get past that if not i will never rise i will just keep falling and more i fall the deeper the whole. i like listening to music because it just brings so much peace to me when im in my head
my grandparents , i need to pay them a visit. a long deep talk with them will help me in so many ways. I want to feel ok i need too. i cant keep feeling like im dying when im completely alive. 
no emotions. just me myself and i at this exact point. i refuse to keep sinking myself in.
today feels wierd for me. as if something is missing or is going to go missing. that something is me or something in me. just feel so over everything and everyone!
i dont feel loved at all. more like forgotten
alot of those think im mad but in reality im hurt forreal .
i miss my brother , i wish he was here. 
maybe thats it for me, i eventually go numb because you brake a heart thats already broken 
my heart is broken :(( all i wanna do is cry until i cant nomore
the only reason i feel a bit of ok today is because my sister gave birth to my beautiful niece and she is precious!!!! god is so good.
i need to learn how to enjoy every moment!!! i have to stop overthinking
not really in the mood today.  Alot has been going on today
i am sad and most of the time in my head. But i smile , thats my life 
starting to feel like maybe i am meant to be alone
unwanted!!! it hurts the most when the person that made you feel so special yesterday. Makes you feel so unwanted today
sometimes i get so depressed and its because i often get flash backs of things done to me, that hurted me so bad. its like i dont even try to think about it and it still comes to my head. 
im tired of acting like im okay and i dont care when deep down inside im drowing!!!
i miss my parents so much :(
feeling so hurt and betrayed completely
feel really over whelmed. just work , then home. just feel so off today 
when greif is the deepest words become fewer and thats how i feel . empty
Life has got all those twists and turns
I feel sad today. I just want to stay in my bed
There is nothing impossible to they who will try
i just wanna cry , so i can let go of all this anger and pain 
most nights i burn in the flames of my own thoughts
Good evening everyone I had a horrible day today I hope tomorrow it will be better.
I’ll never forget how the depression and loneliness felt at the same time . I don’t wish this to no one. I wish my heart and my mind can heal
I feel like I’m loosing myself . I know god will always guide me even in my darkest time
Eve tears can’t express the pain you sometimes feel when you’re sad.
Never make a decision when your upset. You will regret it down the long run
being Sad hurts but it's a healthy feeling so they say!
need family support so bad :((( and its like i dont exsist to them
My loneliness is killing me.
I’m disappointed that my ex doesn’t want me back in her life
Happy I’m turning 30 tomorrow
I finally made peace  with myself and stop thinking I forgot about the past so much
I miss my bestie Im afraid to start relationships because im afraid to loose another friend and i feel guilty because it seem like i want to replace you
My brother is finally free!!!! he was locked up and it was stressing alot of us out!!! thank god
I havent been able to reach out to her little sister i know she is hurting more than me i scheduled a date with her to the movies so im definitly feeling positive about that
Numb why does God take people we love from us. I do say i hope they are truly in a better place
sad this pain will never be gone i miss her energy so much
I have been grieving for over a year still so sad
So far today has been a great day
Lost my best friend in a car accident in 2021 =[
Work is so stressful
Today my kids are giving me a hard time in the morning , I need be a break I don’t know what to do 
Late to work today smh
Happy
my job is annoying sometimes and certain people get me upset
Missing my dad
as of now idk i feel like im being played with and i dont like it, i dont know how to go about it. im too nice and that is my issue now 
Don't waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.
feeling hopeful
It definitly feel good to talk and express myself about it does anyone feel good about this site like me
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?
my best friend was my soulmate we told each other everything and laughed about everything i love her i miss her so so much
If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change
Life comes from the earth and life returns to the earth
sometimes i feel like i want to climb a mountain the screammmmmmmmm =(
i hope tommorow goes as planned, i just want to relax i am tired of feeling tired. 
I have been struggling financially but I have managed to keep me head up
My mom has been very comforting throughout this grieving process talking about the good memories certainly does warm my heart
I have felt this peaceful in a very long time I just want to thank god for everything that he has giving me even though I had a hard past.
as of today i feel alright , i dont like complaining , because others are in worse situations , so when i feel stressed ill try to find a way to WUSA. 
Wishing I could go back in time
Life has been so hard this past week , school has me stressed out . All these papers I have due back to back 
Thinking about the homework and dinner I have to prepare when I get home
My mom screamed at me
Today a patient was being rude to me and I tried my hardest to keep my cool , not a great day already 
Sad that I lost her along the way. I only have myself to blame.
i just have to keep my head up and keep going no matter what gets in my way even if its my own thoughts!!
The world is relying on me to feel fine, but I’m not okay. Heartbroken.
I’m having anxiety knowing I get paid on Friday but I’m broke right now
Happy I finally got a job !
Idk how I should feel about him most days, I hate him for the pain he’s caused me but I’ve been deeper in love with him more than I love myself. 
Somedays I feel empty inside, a whilst I struggle to find little things that make me feel again 😓
I’ve suffered a lot at the hands of others & I don’t know how to process my anxiety, the depression & stress it has caused me.
I just feel I will always be sad on the inside no matter what I do, the sadness will always live within me. 
Angry that I constantly have to take on other’s responsibilities that I did not being upon myself when I no longer feel ok inside.
The only thing i looked foward to recently was the start of school because when i was a mom,cook,cleaning lady, and teacher all in one so not cool 
IF IT IS WHAT IT IS was a person it would be me lol
BLAH whatever hopefully on this new friends with similar voices and feelings can be found
As a mom of five I must say the STRUGGLE IS VERY REAL
Im over it the struggle thats why there are so many people in the streets, a rise in crime and rise in mental health issues 
The road to recovery from all this is a very long one
I dont think the government is helping as much as they could where are the resources for families
everything is super expensive man I went food shopping the other day and spent 300$ can you imagine that food is already gone its like I came home with nothing.
I heard that we will be getting a tax break because of covid and the inflation it has caused feeling a bit hopeful but once prices are up there is no coming down
First being unemployed because of COVID now inflation will we ever get a break
I haven’t got food in my apartment in over a month , I felt so accomplished that I was able to finalllly buy my children groceries. The look on there faces made me so happy 
He’ll never understand how everything that’s happen has made me feel so angry & alone
I’m just thinking about how sad Christmas is going to be this year I’m not working many hours , to buy Christmas gifts is going to be hard 
Bothered that my brother let’s my mom take the train to his house when there’s two cars in his garage
How many times do I have to lose myself in order to learn to love myself the way I deserve 😔
I tend to let my anger build up inside; feels like I have no one to talk to somedays
My brother  and me have a bad relationship I wish it can be much better , I’m going to try and work on it 
Had a super long day at work today , had a customer that was super rude to me 
Like my heart is beating out my chest, I tend to over analyze & overthink every minor detail causing me anxiety & stress daily. 
feeling super overwhelmed lately
Nervous about the holidays , idk if I’m even going to receive anything from anybody , I don’t deserve anything anyways 
Feels good to have some place to talk , I feel like I could never talk to anyone of my friends or family 
I’m upset because it’s my birthday and nobody has reached out to me yet
I’m Mad my belt broke
I’m super happy that Halloween is finally over I hate it
I’m feeling anxious I can’t use the bathroom today !
I’m feeling more so sick to my stomach today i don’t know if it was the coffee this morning or the fact that I didn’t have breakfast
I’m feeling a bit sad I was diagnosed with cancer today but I won’t let it take a toll on my life honestly
I feel lost without a path in this world
I feel amazing today ! I went to the casino yesterday and hit a jackpot for 5k
I’m mad because I scuffed my new sneakers
Im happy I got paid today from two weeks ago
Nervous I don’t know if my girlfriend is pregnant or not
I’m feeling sad because my mom is sick
I’m feeling great full that all of my goals are coming together
I’m upset I was pulled over by police yesterday for no reason
are any mothers struggling with their kids getting sick all the time and having to call out/miss work especially with the constant spread of covid. I dont think males are having this issue so not fair
Today my son had a seizure and I honestly don’t know what to do sometimes because I’m always so scared
She’s a bigger part of me than she knows, how could she leave me when I needed her most. 
I finally passed my drivers test , I can’t wait to drive to school and back . My kids will be super excited that mommy knows how to drive 
My sons birthday is coming up and I have no idea what to get him , with all these bills I have it’s very depressing knowing I can’t get him everything he wants 
I’m super sad I haven’t ate !
I pray tomorrow is a better day , because the one I had today wasn’t the best 
I asked my son to come to dinner with me for my birthday and he didn’t it made me feel really sad
Sometimes I wonder if everybody feels like me , alone and vulnerable :(
After a long day of work I just want to go in my bed and hide from the world
Feeling drained just thinking about cooking for my husband tonight
My Husband has me stressed out with the rain music trying to go to sleep . It is so frustrating
I’m honestly sick of eating healthy but I have to do it , I’m over being this fat I want to loose weight but it’s so hard 
My husband wasn’t feeling good today , he has a surgery coming up and I’m scared 
I went to work today and the kids Had me super stressed , they were screaming wild and my head was killing me 
I’m happy my friends are all happily married and we love to take trips together
Happy as hell I’m alive and still enjoying the sun & moon everyday
Feeling a lil bad my girlfriend is having a bad day at work because she has cramps
I’m a bit drunk right now lol I can’t take myself serious at this point lol
I’m feeling in between of taking this girl I’m dating serious or not but she’s way to clingy idk if it’s a smart idea
I’m happy my friend got married last week
I’m feeling blessed  I didn’t have to pay for lunch today a lovey gentleman payed for my food
I have Anxiety threw the roof waiting for a miracle to happen
So sad my dog doesn’t feel well today
Hi I’m feeling happy I took my road test today and I passed lol
I’m excited cause I’m gonna go out to dinner with my crush
I’m feeling down,today I bought a lottery ticket and lost smh wish I would win one day 
Bothered that my mom doesn’t mind her business sometimes
My girlfriend got a job that makes me so happy for him , I know how a he’s been stressed out 
Work and home make me feel overwhelmed with too much responsibilities
Always feeling down & alone a lot more, do I even have any real friends anymore
All my bills are stocking on top of each other and I’m getting anxiety from looking at them
I have to find my peace and live in it!!!
ever since the pandemic started everything went left, nothing has ever been the same since covid, it took some many out of my life, i hated it!
Missing a piece of myself after losing you. It makes feel incomplete or empty most days.
tired of being there for people and no one is there for me!! at all !!! it just has to stop. people love taking advantage of how genuinely you are!!!
i have to learn to enjoy every moment, i be too much in my head man , need to find the way out 
defiently wishing my dad was still here! with me
Happy my iPhone has been on 10% for the last 5 hours and still hasn’t died
Really upset my I had a argument with my neighbors that almost let to a fight
Happy today I got some sneakers I always wanted thank you god
Hungry I haven’t ate the whole day I feel a bit nauseous
Bothered that my step kids don’t listen to me
Confused why the New York jets didn’t win last years super bowl
Happy my girlfriend found the card she lost. I was nervous for her not being able to get home
Sad my girlfriend can’t find her debit card
Good. Could be feeling better I feel bit confused and have difficulty concentrating on todays task I might need a nap when I get home
I love feeling joy coming from the people I love the most ! It makes me feel loved
Feeling like I should be taking life a tab bit more serious I’m not where I need to be at in life
Really sad but thankful I’m alive
and Just Because our Light Flickers Does Not Mean It’s About To Go Out
frustrating having to stop myself from my things to do something for someone else
no one lets me finish my tasks peacefully
A lot on my mind with work and bills it’s over powering me and it’s becoming a lot
i wonder how many times we forgive just because we dont want to loose someone! even if they dont deserve forgiveness!!!
feeling hopeful today because a friend reached out to me some family did too so I know they'll help me through this
i fell inlove with his soul before i could touch his skin , if that isnt love then tell me what is 
grateful for my sister who always understands me even when she thinks im weird
So so very sad and anxious of being around new ppl
Annoyed of always being asked "Are you ok? not being able to yell no im not 
my babies are my world but some days I need a mental break to do nothing :-/
hate stepping out of my home, it stresses me to think about having to leave for work
constantly like walls are closing in on me
Wishing I had a boyfriend to love me and care for me when iM down
guilty of not being a good friend when he was here. I should have done more
and the worst kind of sad for me is not being able to explain why!
starting a new job, but I miss him so much. I wish he was here. I bet he would be so proud. 
i guess the moment when everything changed was when  i realized i deserved so much better, 
Im so scared that Ill always be sad
Disappointed in myself, thinking of all the things I should have done while he was here with me </3
Build Upon What Impresses You And Forget What Everyone Else Thinks!!! its what makes us happy that we should focus on!
after losing my pops, I hate myself for not visiting him more
And if he starts to miss , he has to remember i didnt walk away he let me go!
Enjoy every moment of life because sometimes you can be way to into your thoughts
i can beat this depression !
one day it just makes sense. you realize what is important and what isnt.
 everything is just it what it is , trust me that will get you over it, 
when i give everything in me and i get nothing back
STRESSED. I NEED A DAY TO MYSELF! SPA DAY FOR ME SO I CAN JUST RELAX
i am proud of myself for all the times i kept going.
everything will be okay in the end if its not ok then its not the end.
i need to find something that keeps me okay , even if its going for a walk with my favorite lattee. 
just for once can it be about me, EVERYTHING is about everyone else. 
People will alway doubt you. Stay positive.motavite  yourself no matter how you feel
i need love from my family :(
Sometime later becomes never. Do give up. You got this . Note to myself
You don’t have to be the best in everything. Be yourself. Live your life enjoy .no one is going to do it for you.
I have my days I don’t want to talk to anybody idk what’s wrong with me lately
i am always the one who makes other feel included , but when it comes to me... i am completely invisible to others.. 
Always keep your head up queen you are  valuable. Note to myself
i miss my dad so much!!!!!! if i can just get 1 more hug!!!
i am my only limit!!!
With a new day success is not final. Life is not about having everything. Stay humble.
To A mind that is still , a whole universe surrender! 
BUT AFTERALL I FEEL OK . i really cant complain , i can just think. who would've known just thinking would be so hard! 
And i didnt leave him for making too many mistakes , i left because he made the same mistakes too many times!!!
The reason why I’m so into my head if because I’m afraid to show my feelings
I hate when other people try to tell me how I'm feeling, when most days I can't even figure it out myself.
i'm missing her more each second...
I've past sad and hit rock bottom, without her, I don't know what to do, I know to keep living but how do I without her?
Angry at life, how could they take you from me? 
Sad all the time.
Feeling afraid that Ive gotten too used to being alone, that most days I think Im numb to certain types of emotions.
school and work make me want to go hide under a rock, it doesn't help that I miss him more each day
feeling super lonely when I'm with someone but.happy when I'm alone.
I secretly don't ever want to go hang with my friends, I always feel that way before going but those blue moons when I push myself to go anyways I have a great time and feel better.
So angry because "I don't care" but I secretly do...which seems to be a new trend for me
My fav line is "I'm ok, just tired"
I'm actually really so glad I had to quarantine and not deal with people for days.
literally so freaking stressed out
Idk how to deal with stress, I shut other out and push everyone away.
I been feeling anxious and scared lately due to a court date I have next month
Feeling home sick, sometimes I just wanna pack my things and up and leave but I can’t then all  hard work will have gone to waste 
Today I’m feeling exhausted been putting in a lot of work without any rest
Today I’m feeling exhausted been putting in a lot of work without any rest
taking care of others makes me not want to take care of myself
Today feels ok , the battle isnt over just yet , i do feel like i am getting some where just have to keep going through the same path i walking through now 
afraid of being hurt again, but also numb because I have been hurt too many times...
people forget who i am, they are so used to living their own way that they forget they are where they are because of how far you got them not knowing you were already breaking yourself. 
I’m feeling great that my wife’s period left omg finally!!!
Happy my dad is finally out the hospital in great condition after a long 2 weeks of kemo
I’m feeling sad I crashed my car last week and I have no insurance on my car to fix it smh
Happy I hit the lottery for last year and today marks one year
I’m nervous I can’t feel my arm today when I woke up
I’m was feeling so sad last week ! Was told my relative caught the Covid-19 virus I hope they feel better
I’m feeling happy today I got a call for a job interview I was patiently waiting for.
I’m angry because one of my friends took one of my belonging from my house after I said not to.
A bit nervous this cab driver is driving recklessly and I don’t like confrontation so I don’t wanna say anything 😬
I'm afraid to look at another woman cause I feel she might think I am trying to replace her...
I don't want to be around people who remind me of her, its too painful right now. One day they'll bring me joy but right now it's too much.
I miss falling asleep with her in my arms nd waking up to next to her. I took so much of her for granted, she was everything to me. 
I’m feeling relaxed taking a nice car ride while the sun is beaming on me
I don't think ill ever stop greiving, she was just too big a part of me 
Im not in the mood for anything today
I’m mad my ex girlfriend slept with the super to my building now all the neighbors know n look at me with a sorry face
I feel that I need to go to the doctor and check on myself but I’m very nervous because of what they will tell me . Am I wrong for being scared and not going in ?
Upset !!
Happy it’s my lil brothers birthday today he finally turn 21 he’s legal to have a drink now lol
I have anxiety today my naughtier fell at school
Upset a police officer was treating me really bad today on my way to work for no reason
I just be taking things calm lately I really be stressed but the more I get myself used to being like this the better for me. I don’t like to feel like I have a huge knot in my heart especially over something I can’t control.
Not feeling loved at all.
I have so many things on my mind. Today has been a rough day my anxiety is on a 10000
Today wasn’t so well too much going on every where!
things that i say to myself when im feeling lost. you are a queen . keep your head up so your crown wont fall. just remenber self dove its the best love
Imight never find that special someone that I have been always looking for. But I will never lose hope that one day I will find you.
There is hope
This moment was definitly an experience that brought my inner family closer
I pray each day to move foward that God gives me strength he does things for his reasons.
My son definitly is sad too he was hoping for a little sibling =(
RIP to all the baby angels gone too soon =(
When I think about trying again I feel guilty how can i ever replace the baby I cannot =(
I miss rubbing my belly and feeling the kicks =(
I pray all the times God has helped me move foward in a way
I cried for months after the miscarriage my partner was super supportive but I would get angry because I didnt see him or hear him mourn. I guess we all mourn differently.
Sometimes i dream of playing with the babies fingers and toes and smelling the babies head and neck =(
I always wondered the gender but wondered if knowing would hurt me more =(
I just want him to ask me to be his girlfriend I don’t know what he’s waiting for
My mother thinks I’m a child , she doesn’t understand I’m an adult it’s frustrating 
Tired I just got off work from working a double shift i am exhausted can’t wait to get home and take a lovely nap
Tired I just got off work from working a double shift i am exhausted can’t wait to get home and take a lovely nap
You can’t control how people feel about you. But can control how you feel about other. Always be kind you never know what that person is going through
Today I will watch a movie and eat popcorn and take a sip of wine. I gotta treat myself . I’m always thinking about others
It’s the weekend finally. I’m going to relax
Today I woke up with peace in my heart . I just want to thank god that eve through the storm he has never lifted my side.
Never let other take your peace . It’s not worth it . I learned the hard way.
A recent breakup with my girl
As the light begins to intensify, so does my misery, and I wonder how it is possible to hurt so much when nothing is wrong.
People keep telling me that life goes on, but to me that’s the saddest part!
Good night every I hope y’all have a great evening. Just remember stay positive. Remember that the storm won’t last for ever stay strong. We can do this👐
I noticed that When you cry so much, it makes you realize that breathing is hard.
Dear dad , A million words would not bring you back, I know because I tried, neither would a million tears, I know because I cried.
I need to stop worrying of things that has not happened yet. Is that I’m looking for straight failure. I need to relax just don’t know how
Always have my guard up when it come to love. Dislike the dishonesty some people have. Sometime I get angry at myself.
I just hope I make it old enough to see my kids shine and do their life. I want to be the coolest mom & grandma. Sometimes I feel like so much stress gets to me so bad to a point it effects my health.
I lost a baby couple years ago and I refuse to forget. I feel since miscarriages are common. People dont understand the loss a mother will forever feel
To everyone in this chat never give up . I know things can get a little tuff . Trust me I’ve been there. Never lose hope that one day everything will be ok
Tired of life and these miserable people in it
I’m sad today my son isn’t feel well right now I will rush him to the hospital in the next few minutes if he keeps not feeling well
One thing I miss the most is my family coming together like we use too. No matter what we were going through with our personal life’s anytime we had a family gathering that was the time of our lives for all of us. That family love is different.
sad but calmed down after coming to peace with the fact that she's no longer in pain but happier in a better place
I’m not mad I’m more hurt
Day by day you can over come everything. Sometimes things happen for a reason. Don’t be sad even though it’s hard. Your efforts will be beneficial. And you my queen are the best don’t for get that.
Me being the only person in my family with a mental Illness really sucks , I feel like nobody will ever understand my thoughts and emotions 
Feeling tired this morning , super drained I’m scared for what the week has in store for me 
I’m sad today my newphew almost caught corona virus this morning thank god he’s ok
How could she do this to me? Allow me to feel this way. How can she live with herself after what she’s done to me
well at least i hope so man
Great full for everything.
im tired too like i would love to sleep for like 3 days but im always about mine
Is it insane that i feel alone but i like being alone =/
ever feel like just running away and starting new would it change how u feel inside i just want to start fresh
maybe i should i have chosen another day to write in here but my homie said i should write on it
alot of shit going on lately not a very good day for me at all
hello friends whats this about im not really good at this
I tend to not talk or express my business I look at other people like they are stupid when they do it
noone really cares or helps so fuck everyone
Ive been feeling alone, overwhelmed and distressed 
im a little hopeful about 2023 i think good things are coming to all of us because we all went through some shit that past 2+ years