Topic 1: ['person', 'happy', 'got', 'time', 'mind']
i wanna change my life for the better but i know its going to take time, im already on step 1. but alot is going to change i dont wanna keep living for someone else, i need to keep myself happy . this is my life.
"There’s not a lot of good people in the world, The world is being held together by a hand full of good souls that love & cares about humanity, dealing with good people the best policy is honesty.  I remember when I decided to cut everybody out, and I isolated myself I still do now but a little less, and I remember when I was speaking on the phone with my therapist and I told her, The best victims to deceive are fools with hearts of gold, They’re only fools until they’re not, And then that’s when I’ve learned, to continuously break my own heart, when dealing with someone that I care about, because I knew that they were going to break my hart soon or later, I didn’t know when, where or how, I just knew, so instead of waiting for that time to arrive, I decided to break my own heart ahead of time, The problem is even if you break the heart it’s still gold it’s just broken, and some people are just born that way.
I’ve had better days. This is one of the days I’m not feeling my best. Still lost for words. At this point I’m just existing. But I suppose I’m stronger than I realize, I’m still continuing my everyday life working, working out, going to school. But time heals everything, I suppose I just give it time.
TODAY I TRIED SO HARD TO CONTROL MY ANXIETY. I HAVE SO MANY THOUGH GOING THROW MY HEAD. I HAVE SO MUCH GOING ON THAT I CAN BEARLY CATCH MY BREATH. SOMETIMES I THINK IT'S JUST TOO MUCH FOR ME AND I END UP FEELING LIKE CRAP. I'M JUST GOING TO TRY TO TAKE IT A STEP AT A TIME BECAUSE I KNOW THAT I'M A STRONG WOMAN. BUT SOMETIMES I LOSE MYSELF.
I think I worry to much I’m going to take care myself more . And give it all I got. Even though I be going through hard time. Im a strong person


Topic 2: ['feel', 'calm', 'today', 'make', 'ok']
Songs and artists are honestly so powerful in their ability to convey emotion and make their audience feel the same way. Obviously for songs in our native languages, in addition to the mood of the song, the lyrics can also convey the story and make us relate or feel a certain way, but it is so crazy how songs that we might not understand at all can still affect how we feel! One song I listened to in Japanese made me feel the melancholy and longing of the character in the song and it was such an interesting experience.
Even though I feel sad today. I always try to make the best of my days. No matter how down I feel. I try to get going and make my self happy. I like to clean. Cleaning and music puts me in a great mood. That keeps me happy.
but today i feel ok. i dont like complaining because god gives us life and what do i look like complaining about mine when you got people who barley wake up with something to eat. so i feel ok i feel blessed. i ate this morning . i made it to my job safe . i am ok .
Today I feel ok. One good tip when I’m feeling down I prepare the tub and make a bubble bath with jazz slow music and just relax and it helps me a lot. Today I will be calm
Today I had a long day working , seeing all these patients with they’re moms just make me sad about the relationship I don’t have with my mom . I really wish I can build a better relationship with her but she’ll never understand how I really feel so her actions won’t ever change


Topic 3: ['sad', 'things', 'know', 'covid', 'time']
Sad very sad things are very hard right now.
My biggest emotional issue is I tend not to get over certain things that really hurt me bad. Is like time would fly and I still be so sad about it as if it happend recently
I've past sad and hit rock bottom, without her, I don't know what to do, I know to keep living but how do I without her?
It's interesting how sometimes adults try to shun the younger kids and young adults away from death and grief. Granted, I've been lucky enough to not have anyone in my immediate family that I was very close with pass away, but for the extended family, I was always kept out of the loop. Although I was old enough to know and understand death, I was never explicitly notified and never attended a funeral or anything like that. All the ones that I know about I either gathered at the time-of from overhearing things or it was eventually brought up assuming I knew (which I did). I think one reason why the young ""kids"" always have to stay home at funerals is because the older adults don't want us to see them so vulnerable and heartbroken because it would be distressing to us and probably would have a longer lasting image. Anyways, this was just one of the things I thought about when thinking about grief."
Quality time, if Someone give you their time that means They respect you, Time is very valuable and you can’t get that back once it’s gone. So respect mines especially if I’m spending hard earn money that I got from trading my time to spend money and time with you.


Topic 4: ['lot', 'bit', 'family', 'love', 'life']
Feeling like I should be taking life a tab bit more serious I’m not where I need to be at in life
I’m also a bit off because my grandmother moved to another state to be with her kids but now that she is a bit older Is like they don’t treat her properly. The care an elder suppose receive she doesn’t get it. They are tired of taking care of her. I am trying to convinced her to come back and stay with me instead. & I will take care of her and make sure she is ok
I sometimes feel guilty for not feeling sad enough. Like I am genuinely so unbothered by some events that I wonder if there is something wrong with me. I mean there probably is a little bit wrong with me. But if there's anything that I have learned as I have gotten older, its that everyone is a little bit screwed up in the head.
need some family love. family time! so i can just feel at peace because thats my peace.
I have siblings who are into them selfs. They probably forgot about me. I know every one has their own life and issues but checking on me isn’t hard at all especially when you need the love. I feel so alone


Topic 5: ['bad', 'miss', 'days', 'dont', 'stressed']
My weight is also one of the reasons I’ve fallen into depression. Some days I’m motivated to get up and work out and I complete it but when I get in my head and can’t find a way out it’s makes it really hard for me to work out
Some people don’t understand me . They think that I just don’t want to do better for myself. Sometime I just need someone to hear me out. People can be so judge mental.never judge a book by its cover because you never no what is that person is going through.
SOMETIMES I START THINKING ABOUT MY PAST AND IT MAKES ME REALLY SAD. I HAVE BEEN THROUGH SO MUCH. THAT I THANK GOD FOR WATCHING OVER ME. SOMETIMES I WISHED I DIDN'T DO SO MANY STUPID THINGS WHEN I WAS YOUNGER. I NEVER FINISHED SCHOOL. ALWAYS BEEN ASHAMED OF THAT. I HAVE VERY LOW SELF-ESTEEM. WICH I TRYING TO WORK ON THAT. I NEED TO FORGIVE MYSELF BECAUSE I'M NOT THE SAME PERSON ANYMORE. BUT JUST DON'T KNOW HOW. I KEEP REMEMBERING THING FROM MY PAST THAT REALLY MAKES ME DEPRESSED.
on the other hand i want to sign up for the gym, i was told it really helps alot with mental health, and i think i wanna give it a try. maybe i can be out my head instead of in it.
I need to learn to love myself more and stop blaming others or the world for bad things that happen to me definitly talking or writing about my emotions makes me a bit hopeful"


Topic 6: ['know', 'want', 'life', 'na', 'dont']
"- [ ] My car isn't starting today even after I gave it a boost, and now Im pissed the fuck off to the max, & now I have to tow this thing all the way to Jersey to get it serviced. I don't know I just feel like fucking someone up, my diet been off, I'm not eating like I normally do, im eating fried food because my oven is not working. I'm always lonely because I live by myself. The only one I have with me is my cat L2. I have been less creative than normal, which is not good. Maybe it's because I'm a technician that works 12 hour shifts every four days weekly. My Friend is supposed to come to New York from Chicago. I don't know if she'll like me when she meets me. You know sometimes I feel like my life has been scripted like  them dam androids in that shows that West world. Because ain't no fucking way, I see people doing better than me, when they don't deserve it, there are piece of shit people in this world that don't give a fuck about nothing, but themselves, liars deceivers abusers all these nasty things and their living better life than me. I'm still living in the same apartment I grew up in, I want to move into a new apartment dammit I wanna move into my new life. I don't like this character anymore, I want this character dead ! And I'm going to kill it off and rewrite my own script, I've worked hard enough and I deserve more. I've been humble enough that I deserve more!!!!! It's my life and I want it now !!!!!
"A friend that I’m attracted to, doesn’t share the same feelings as I, honestly I don't 100% know this yet this is just my assumption, because of their sexuality, and I don’t know how I'm handling it. I haven't really emotionally grasp it all yet, I think she has some type of clue, but I'm way too much of a coward to tell her because I do not want to ruin the friendship that we share. I've been through a situation like this before and I rather have her as a friend than nothing at all. I feel like this is just another form of grief, losing something that you never had in the first place. This shit sucks, I just want to hurry this up and get over it, but I can't rush this, I know I can’t. I can bury it but that wouldn’t be any good. Sometimes I feel like I’m gonna spend the rest of my life alone, without a team mate to share my world & feelings with.
i wanna change my life for the better but i know its going to take time, im already on step 1. but alot is going to change i dont wanna keep living for someone else, i need to keep myself happy . this is my life.
"Yesterday I had to attend a community meeting, being one of the handful of young community leaders, a position that I didn't ask for they just threw it at me, I don't know why tho,  but anyway, we sitting around the table in a restaurant, politicking, nitpicking, flame throwing and throwing blame, you know the shit that politicians do, just talk heavy game, about shit that we gonna do, & all the shit that hasn't been done. But in reality a little change has been made, within the community, and I've seen it. But for some reason the elders in the community refused to see it, I guess they want to see a dramatic change before they die, I don't know.
I have a halloween event scheduled with some girlfriend mainly for distraction. But i feel super guilty if I go. I shouldnt be having fun yet i should be grieving. I dont want to ruin it for my girlfriends either. I feel like i would just stand there blank when they should be having fun.... ahhh i dont know might cancel


Topic 7: ['way', 'calm', 'going', 'work', 'stressed']
"- [ ] My car isn't starting today even after I gave it a boost, and now Im pissed the fuck off to the max, & now I have to tow this thing all the way to Jersey to get it serviced. I don't know I just feel like fucking someone up, my diet been off, I'm not eating like I normally do, im eating fried food because my oven is not working. I'm always lonely because I live by myself. The only one I have with me is my cat L2. I have been less creative than normal, which is not good. Maybe it's because I'm a technician that works 12 hour shifts every four days weekly. My Friend is supposed to come to New York from Chicago. I don't know if she'll like me when she meets me. You know sometimes I feel like my life has been scripted like  them dam androids in that shows that West world. Because ain't no fucking way, I see people doing better than me, when they don't deserve it, there are piece of shit people in this world that don't give a fuck about nothing, but themselves, liars deceivers abusers all these nasty things and their living better life than me. I'm still living in the same apartment I grew up in, I want to move into a new apartment dammit I wanna move into my new life. I don't like this character anymore, I want this character dead ! And I'm going to kill it off and rewrite my own script, I've worked hard enough and I deserve more. I've been humble enough that I deserve more!!!!! It's my life and I want it now !!!!!
I've been super stressed lately. I get in my own head worrying about how things are going to work out. Fortunately, I heard some good news about something earlier today, so that's boosted my mood some currently. However, I can still feel stressed in the back of my mind.
All I know is that, they want instant gratification like right now tho. Honestly how the fuck do you give 1 million people in the  biggest public housing complex in the world, instant gratification, thats impossible. You can't make everybody happy. But now I see why they made religion. If regular people doing their best, can't make them happy, some magical White Jesus in the sky can.  it's the hopefulness that Instant gratification is right around the corner, but you don't know when it's coming.. They prefer that better than not having an answer, thats keeps them alive & gives them the strive to keeps going. Cause Rome wasn't built in a day, tho Rome was still built. But they don't want it to make sense, they wanted it to make change,   Btw I'm not religious, I'm very much spiritual."
Even though I feel sad today. I always try to make the best of my days. No matter how down I feel. I try to get going and make my self happy. I like to clean. Cleaning and music puts me in a great mood. That keeps me happy.
My weight is also one of the reasons I’ve fallen into depression. Some days I’m motivated to get up and work out and I complete it but when I get in my head and can’t find a way out it’s makes it really hard for me to work out


Topic 8: ['people', 'think', 'im', 'time', 'person']
I kind of want kids but right now im not really sure. obviously im young and have time to decide but at this point, I dont think the world is a safe place in general. climate change, racism, poverty, it just seems like an awful idea to have kids
Alot of people got used to me being a giver or a nice person period! All that is done to me is everyone takes advantage! Even the ones you think are good people those actually turn out to be the worse ppl you’ll meet. We live in a world where everything has to be beneficial. Nothing is actually done genuinely anymore
Im happy that im lonely if that makes sense, during covid I had alot of people around me and you begin to understand that not everyone has the same goals as you and that you cannot force anyone to have the same heart as you therefore you must let people go to be able to truly be happy.
im tired of acting like im okay and i dont care when deep down inside im drowing!!!
It’s interesting how long-term exposure and media can desensitize us to violence and issues in our world, so in thinking about why myself and others maybe not be as bothered by headlines sometimes, I feel guilty and contemplative about this. I wonder if it’s a way of dealing with grief? Perhaps because it is too much to constantly get berated with these events and have it deeply wound us and turn us melancholic all the time, so eventually people get tired of caring—in a way. It’s not that we no longer care, but a sort of numbing effect I suppose. If there is so much cause for grief and sadness, people should care more because it is obviously a large and impactful issue, and there will be specific events that still really affect me if I linger on it and learn more about them, but the sense of numbness and not caring to not be affected does cause guilt when I realize what’s happening. I wonder how we can combat this normalization of issues and properly deal with grief so that it’s healthy for us and still helpful for solving the seen issues.


Topic 9: ['good', 'today', 'feeling', 'ok', 'calm']
"There’s not a lot of good people in the world, The world is being held together by a hand full of good souls that love & cares about humanity, dealing with good people the best policy is honesty.  I remember when I decided to cut everybody out, and I isolated myself I still do now but a little less, and I remember when I was speaking on the phone with my therapist and I told her, The best victims to deceive are fools with hearts of gold, They’re only fools until they’re not, And then that’s when I’ve learned, to continuously break my own heart, when dealing with someone that I care about, because I knew that they were going to break my hart soon or later, I didn’t know when, where or how, I just knew, so instead of waiting for that time to arrive, I decided to break my own heart ahead of time, The problem is even if you break the heart it’s still gold it’s just broken, and some people are just born that way.
Today I feel ok. One good tip when I’m feeling down I prepare the tub and make a bubble bath with jazz slow music and just relax and it helps me a lot. Today I will be calm
Today I had such a long day it was super draining and exhausting. Today wasn’t a good day for me
I am feeling happy today because I’m in a good space in my life I finally found my future life partner we love each other the children are happy and bonding I’m in a space where I’m great full in this moment
Had a wonderful day today! I've been filling up my week so I have something to look forward to every day. Feeling good and in control!


Topic 10: ['day', 'happy', 'wan', 'mind', 'lot']
I am finally home!!! Which is good and bad , good because I’m tired I wanna eat shower and go to bed. Bad because this suppose to be my home and I’m always getting bashed here.
Now what helps me throughout my day is my daily workout and drinking my greens I love it . It keeps my mind super busy I don’t have to think anything it’s put me in one of the best moods. It’s just sucks up all my negative thoughts and keeps me happy & strong
Today is one day where I just wanna lay down all day and do nothing . I feel so lazy and tired I am completely over it
Today I had such a long day it was super draining and exhausting. Today wasn’t a good day for me
Had a super long day at work today , had a customer that was super rude to me


Topic 11: ['dont', 'like', 'feel', 'love', 'ok']
but today i feel ok. i dont like complaining because god gives us life and what do i look like complaining about mine when you got people who barley wake up with something to eat. so i feel ok i feel blessed. i ate this morning . i made it to my job safe . i am ok .
somedays i feel loved , somedays i dont. i dont like inconsistent people. dont pick and choose when to act like you want to love me.
"- [ ] My car isn't starting today even after I gave it a boost, and now Im pissed the fuck off to the max, & now I have to tow this thing all the way to Jersey to get it serviced. I don't know I just feel like fucking someone up, my diet been off, I'm not eating like I normally do, im eating fried food because my oven is not working. I'm always lonely because I live by myself. The only one I have with me is my cat L2. I have been less creative than normal, which is not good. Maybe it's because I'm a technician that works 12 hour shifts every four days weekly. My Friend is supposed to come to New York from Chicago. I don't know if she'll like me when she meets me. You know sometimes I feel like my life has been scripted like  them dam androids in that shows that West world. Because ain't no fucking way, I see people doing better than me, when they don't deserve it, there are piece of shit people in this world that don't give a fuck about nothing, but themselves, liars deceivers abusers all these nasty things and their living better life than me. I'm still living in the same apartment I grew up in, I want to move into a new apartment dammit I wanna move into my new life. I don't like this character anymore, I want this character dead ! And I'm going to kill it off and rewrite my own script, I've worked hard enough and I deserve more. I've been humble enough that I deserve more!!!!! It's my life and I want it now !!!!!
yourself love, even when you don’t feel like loving yourself, when you feel like a big failure or you just wanna die and give up, fight through it and love yourself..
as of now idk i feel like im being played with and i dont like it, i dont know how to go about it. im too nice and that is my issue now


