Topic 1: ['gap', 'downhill', 'hide', 'temporary', 'countries']
The pain that ensues The thoughts that resume The loved ones we’ve lost All at great cost - We can’t hear their voices Or see the looks on their faces But thoughts of their names All our hearts races - Their voices have changed Their faces have blurred It feels like a knife But jagged and burred - We remember the lines, The places and times But none of the details That were just left behind - When I go to bed All I hear are their names They’re all on a loop Just in my own head - I lay it right down To try and get sleep But all I can do Is sniffle and weep - I see all the photos But they’re dated and old Some with few creases Most with just folds - I long to update them And give them anew My mind goes irate then My feelings askew - I’m locked all alone This prison, my head My eyes start to groan My pillow’s wet once again - My throat starts to close No sound will come out My eyes are a hose Of this there’s no doubt - As I begin to come back From emotions all spent I get one more night free Like a day paid of rent - My nights are just like this Filled of sorrow and pain I seemed to have noticed They were not all in vain - We wish they were here To tell us “Don’t cry“ They’re gone for a reason That means we must try - I think of my loved ones The ones that are lost Remember them I will As my heart has been crossed - I think of my loved ones And how they’ve been gone I have not forgot them Not a single one - For all that we do We do it for you The lost ones, the loved ones You’ll all see us through - You know that we love you You say “I’m above you, Watching and waiting, Secretly praying” - We’ll meet again one day That much is true We miss all our loved ones Know they miss us too
sitting across the table from him is this body. young, brown, and bouncing with giggles, a series of curls cascade against a bright face; smiling, wanting, dancing with laughter, begging him to come in. in. inside to the dark ocean crashing against this warm body. behind the smiles that cut the gut like a dagger is a profound loneliness that birthed a profound love for him. after every painful laugh comes a long sigh, and if my breath represented the force that was bumping, beating, and cutting me inside, then this room would be filled with fog of my sadness. and we would swim in it together. and this man, with that silver circle on his left ring finger, would breath, smell, and immerse in the grief that i am in everyday. in that moment, we will share heaviness that sits on my soul and perhaps the gravitational force of that dark whole within me could pull him too, for just a moment, he can be with me, for just a moment, he can sit with me in the home I made for us inside this heart. for just a moment, the smiles I shower him with every day would finally belong on this face.
I used to always play the television in the background when I was sleeping, but the flashing screen would make it hard to fall or stay asleep and listening to a plot or conversations also affected my sleep. We have a smart TV and a chromecast in the bedroom. When I began my alcohol recovery, I had additional sleep difficulties, so I would casts instrumental music to the tv and stream it all night long. Then I actually had enough focus to read books again, and I discovered the white noise videos on youtube, followed by the ambience videos (where there is subtle movement on the screen to accompany the sounds, like a campfire, waterfall, rain, etc). I now play these more often than I watch television, and always when I journal or read. I deleted my old google account not thinking about it also being my youtube account, which had all of my white noise playlists on it, so now I'm having to start from scratch. My anxiety is ramped up lately after being fired last week, so I figured suggestions from you all would be additionally beneficial! Plus, if I'm being honest, I've always been curious about which sounds are most soothing to others. *So, which youtube white noise videos/playlists/accounts are your favorite?* I'm open to pretty much anything except toilet sounds! I'd like to stay away from anything musical, though, as that distracts me when I'm reading (which will be very frequent now that I'm currently unemployed). If you'd like, I'd share some of my old favorites that I managed to find too!
Waking up is one of the strangest wonders I've ever experienced. The second you wake up from dreams, you're still living in that hazed state of that dream, and you wonder, "...Where am I?" And from there, the dream fades, and you enter a blank state of mind. Who am I? What am I doing here? Was what happened real? As that split second of that dream-like state quickly-- but seemingly gradually-- passes, the burdens of reality begin to hastily flood your memories, endlessly pushing in every needle already stabbing your heart. You begin to reflect upon all the errors of your life that you'd promised you'd never succumb to. The last joint you smoked before you passed out stands in the ash tray. The empty wine bottle lies at the edge of your bed. The outline of a stranger having had been on the bed next to you sits as still as the light of day. You grow anxious the second you're fully conscious, and you curse yourself under your breath. The desire to scream at the top of your lungs is suspended at the tip of your tongue. You want to cry but it's much too early to allow a tear flow down your cheek. You clench your hand into a fist and strike it down onto your bed, but it doesn't help because it just bounces back up. You try to tell yourself to move on, and you can begin being a better person from then on. For a good two minutes you feel better, but the bugs crawling in your head tell you that you're wrong and that you'll make the same mistakes again, and you know... The next morning, you wake up the same as you did yesterday.
Yesterday was 10 months, as I was falling asleep I could smell him. I feel like my soul is thrashing tonight, I'm getting a lot better at not outwardly breaking down but I'm still having a lot of moments where I'm screaming inside myself and feel life tearing myself apart. I just need someone to hold me and pet my hair while I sob and scream. My friend's and family aren't able to hold the space for me to lose my mind, no one that loves me knows what this pain is and it makes everyone uncomfortable and unable to be present in a way that might provide any comfort, so I'm deeply isolated and just learning to smother my internal screaming. But it's still there, it's so loud inside myself. I would get in my car and drive to anyone who would understand and comfort me but there is no where to go for that. The PTSD has been relentless and my mind flashes between the best of things we had and my worst nightmare that has happened. I just wish someone was close who understood and would weep with me or hold me while I fell apart. I wish there was an in person community of us that could help when it hits like a bomb and shatters us. Just holding on until I can sleep and hope the tide recedes enough to function tomorrow. To the others suffering tonight wishing for a human who understands and can hold us, I wish I could hold you as well and I wish we could fall apart for a moment.


Topic 2: ['miss', 'love', 'life', 'pain', 'wish']
i miss you. i miss your smile, and the way your dimples sunk into your cheeks. i miss the way your nose scrunched up when you laughed. i miss the way you laughed, the times where we had the belly laughs from something stupid one of us said. i miss the way i felt when i saw you smile, the way i felt when i saw you look at me, the way it felt to make eye contact with you and know that everything is okay, i am safe, and so are you. i miss the way you poked my belly because you know it annoyed me, but we would end up laughing regardless. i miss the way you would mock my voice and my laugh just to see me smile. i miss the way you held me when we hugged. i miss every little thing there is to do with you. i wish i could hold you again. i wish life could give you a second chance. fuck depression. you deserved so, so much more than this my sweet rafael. so much more. i would give anything to give you a second chance at your goals, your dreams, your wants, desires, needs, fears, hopes; life. i miss you so much more than i could ever even begin to explain to anyone or myself. i hope you are okay now, wherever you are.♥️
I remember a time when I knew I fell in love. I knew it was love because at this moment I felt something I had never felt in anyone. I remember I looked at this women when she her hair was messy, her makeup was messed up and her clothes were dirty and I felt something so powerful that words cannot even explain. Even with all the things that’s happened In the past I still feel have that powerful feeling when I look at you. When I look into your eyes they make my heart melt and cause the world to pause as if It can stop time and allow me to save that moment forever. When I see her smile I see my world light up with fireworks. Now with the things that’s happened I cannot look at you in the eyes anymore, the pain my heart feels knowing it has been mislead. My heart feels as if it has been beaten by drums and torn into a billion pieces. My love, my best friend, my world, how could you? How could you let someone think they have finally won your heart but take it all back? Take back all those words, take back those actions, take back everything that gave me hope. You know I saw yesterday and you know how I felt? I felt that same powerful feeling. My heart is shattered and yet it still manages to feel love. You ask me why I can’t move on and this is why.. you’re the only person I want to be with. Sincerely, Your forever and always
I’m 24 he was 22 in 3 weeks he was going to turn 23. I will always love him and miss him. I can’t imagine that I have to live for the rest of my life without him. I’ll cherish his aesthetic soul for eternity. His love is the tranquility to my life now. His elegance is the proof of excellence can exist. His love is the lullaby to my life now. I’ll cherish his ethereal self for eternity. NOT a moment goes by that I don’t wish for him back! Oh how I wish he was here wiping my tears away and holding my hand. All I can do is to cherish him. And thank him for his love. Because oh my god this man was so beautiful... his soul was breathtaking! So kind and understanding. He felt like an angel in this life. I felt like the luckiest woman in his presence. 10 months of us was too short!!! We were so young. So much to do. Get married and have a puppy or a kid. And watching him as my husband to play with his son. Oh, he talked about kids with me always. And how he wanted me to be the mother of his child. He was so looking for being a father in the future. His life was cut too short. Happy that we were each other’s. IT SUCKS IT ALL ENDED. I will always love him. It’s all I can do to love him, miss him, and thank him. It’s all I can do. Love, light, and hugs 🤍
It’s hard, watching a loved one decline so closely. Her cancer had gone away, come back, spread to her brain... and... I watched her slowly slip away. By the end... she was gone months before she died. I lived in the same house as her. Seeing it so closely. It was painful seeing someone you love... disappear Even though I was there when she passed... it’s hard to accept. It’s surreal. It doesn’t feel real. And... I constantly find myself having to remind myself that she’s gone. And... the wound is opened again. I find myself drawn to the words of Judah Halevi, the medieval Jewish philosopher... “‘Tis a fearful thing to love what death can touch. A fearful thing to love, to hope, to dream, to be – to be, And oh, to lose. A thing for fools, this, And a holy thing, a holy thing to love. For your life has lived in me, your laugh once lifted me, your word was gift to me. To remember this brings painful joy. ‘Tis a human thing, love, a holy thing, to love what death has touched.” Each day is a new struggle... a different struggle, and yet the same struggle. The pain is there at work, and home, and even when I drive. It’s... just... all so surreal. And it hurts more that I am having trouble accepting all of this. Sorry if this feels like rambling... my thoughts are all a jumble.
I love your laugh, your weird jokes, the impeccable way you did your makeup You were the most complex, philosophical, and loving person You were never scared to stand up for people You always hugged me I love the way you hug me I love the way you aren't afraid to be you I love how you had so much love to give But you never let yourself be loved in the same way Why? You took your life because you saw no way out And I will never know what you were thinking in those last moments Were you scared? Did you think of me? Did you know how much you mean to me? I will never know truly how much sorrow you felt in that moment, That you decided to stop fighting I will never understand why you felt this was the only way But what I do know is, you will never be hurt ever again You will never have another gut-wrenching panic attack, drinking the pain away Crying out for your grandma You won't show up with mysterious cut marks that you can't explain You won't ever feel alone, helpless or sad But the people you left behind, we will feel all of that for you It hurts so much because you meant so much But your life was not in vain I will mourn you every day I will always see you in my dreams With that big smile, those snarky comebacks, that confident energy The warmth you gave off, that we all felt In my dreams, I feel your hugs I will say those last goodbyes And I will thank you for letting me be apart of your life I will never stop loving you


Topic 3: ['feel', 'makes', 'sad', 'think', 'thoughts']
I suffer from body shame problems and I really don't like my body sometimes. I'm not overweight or obese or anything, I'm at average height and weight. I just see myself as gross. I think my body is gross and I'm not proud of it. I tend to get anxious about myself because I think I'm not normal and there's something wrong with me. I have moments where I hate my body and I can't accept myself. There's a lot of things I don't like about my body and I often feel ashamed of myself. I have gymnophobia and its so bad I can't even look at myself naked. I don't wanna see myself naked or anyone else like that. When I get dressed or take a shower, I just don't look. I hate my period, too. Personally, I think its gross. The blood scares me and I don't know when its gonna come. When I get my period, I feel less of person and I feel like I can't do anything because of the pain. I don't know much about my period which is probably why I am afraid of it. I don't plan on knowing about it, don't judge me! I'm just sensitive to stuff like that. My period is bad for my anxiety because I worry about making a mess in my underwear and I sometimes I do. I worry about running out pads, too. Overall, I can't be happy with myself because of my body. Like I stated before, I'm a squeamish person and I can be sensitive. I really don't know what to do about myself. I don't think I can ever accept myself because of how gross I feel or think I am. Please don't make fun of me.
Well I've always found this tricky to explain but please bare with me. So I feel like 80 to 90 percent of my thinking and thoughts are about myself. it's quite selfish really, but what I mean by thinking about myself is my thoughts are about whether my thoughts are correct, or whether I am feeling okay, or whether my mindset is good enough. I have low self esteem for sure, and I think I keep trying to change myself, or keep trying to improve myself. it's like I'm obsessed with self improvement. I say to myself I have to think in one way, such as think positively, or pay outward attention to your environment and surroundings (I've been advised this helps with social anxiety, something which effects me as well), or other instances I have to monitor my thinking/ thoughts or feelings. I get anxious when I don't have a defined way of thinking, or a rule I have to abide by. I get anxious when I just let myself be, it feels like I'm going to mess up somehow live my life or do something incorrectly. Maybe I don't trust myself? or don't feel good enough so I have to put these rules in my life so I don't mess up? another rule is not causing harm to others, or constantly having to concentrate so I don't make mistakes or make a fool of myself. It just gets exhausting constantly thinking if I'm correct. So I was just wondering if anybody else gets this kind of anxiety? Maybe it's a Bit of perfectionism? I don't know? and apologies if this is the wrong subreddit, I wasn't quite sure which one to ask. thanks
Okay so I have a hard time translating what I'm thinking into words but I'm gonna try my best. Words words words, you know? I feel like I'm not trying hard enough to get better or show improvement. I feel like my mindset is wrong and it's my fault. I have a hard time being completely honest about anything. I lie a lot. It makes me feel like a bad person. Does anyone else worry that they're a bad person? I do. I feel like my anxiety is a liability and that it makes me weak. I'm horrified about telling people other than my friends because I feel like it basically puts a target on my chest. Sometimes I feel like having anxiety is all I have and if I don't have anxiety, I'm nothing. I'm afraid that I'm annoying to everyone around me. I'm scared that I won't be able to make any friends in college. I just feel wrong. So wrong. Wrong wrong wrong. I don't know what I'm doing wrong exactly, but I must be doing something.
Hey, This is my first post on this subreddit but I need to get this out there and find out if someone else has the same feeling... (Sorry for my bad englisch btw) I just feel like I dont belong to any „group“ of people and cant really relate to anyone. I am too anxious to be „normal“ and too „normal“ to be anxious...I dont even know if this makes sense but I feel like I am having anxiety and depression but not as „hard“ as many other on this subreddit and I just feel like a piece of shit for saying thats a bad thing (which i dont really mean that way) but this „inbetween“ is just so fucked There is no one i can really talk to because I am afraid my friends will brush it off as „just get over it“ and I dont really want to bother anyone here with my small shitty problems Idk I just feel alone on this earth sometimes Just needed to get this of my chest...like i said before i am not sure if I really have anxiety (never been diagnosed; just 18 yo) but I just get these depressed and anxious thoughts and feelings sometimes. Furthermore sometimes out of the blue I get this pain in my chest (right where the heart is) and i dont now if this is some sort of panic attack or not... I dont even know why i am still writing this shitty post, probably gonna delete it in a few minutes... Thanks for reading, i appreciate it..
I'm 16. And physically unattractive. I have no beautiful features , I have a lot of piercings which I adore and think of as a part of me, but I've always been bullied for how I look and it is horrible always being the ugly friend. My body shape is all unshapely and chubby and butchy and my shoulders are broad. I have a boyfriend who loves me but I constantly feel shitty when he compliments me because I don't see it as true. I hate what I see in the mirror. And I'm not someone you'd expect to just think they're ugly but turn out to be average. I'm literally gross to look at . My nose is huge and I have big acne spots on my cheek, my eyes are deep set and hooded which always makes me look tired. I have depression so my hair is always in a mess and I feel very sad about the way I look. I just wish I was born in a different body. This body feels horrible and I hate looking at myself. I don't know what to do. I have no one to talk to about this becuqae they all just say "you're gorgeous" or generic things people say to try and make you feel better. But it is not true. I'm truly just unattractive and it's okay but I wish people would treat me the same as everyone else . That's where it really hurts .


Topic 4: ['tl', 'dr', 'girlfriend', 'boyfriend', 'ex']
So my girlfriend and I have been dating for around 8 months and things are going fairly well. I've always known that my girlfriend, like most girls, gets constant messages from guys basically flirting with her and wanting to take her out etc. Never had a problem with that. However, recently my girlfriend has struck a "friendship" with one of these guys. A guy she matched with on tinder roughly a year ago (that she has never met) before we were dating. I come to find out that over the past few weeks that they have been sending each other paragraphs of text conversation (more than she ever sends me) and seem to have very similar interests. Now, I'm not necessarily upset at this. I think she can talk to whoever she wants, but the thing that concerns is me is that a few months before, this was the same guy that was messaging her every few days asking to take her on a dates, calling her "cute" etc. I asked her if he knows that she has a boyfriend and she said yes and that he's really nice and I shouldn't be worried about anything. However, he still messages her calling her "cute" and "gorgeous" She now tells me that she's excited to go hang out with him and make the 40 minute drive to go see him so they can work on art (a hobby they share) together. Am I just being paranoid or should I keep a watchful eye on this situation? I don't want to tell her what to and not do but I'm not particularly fond of this whole thing. tldr; girlfriend wants to hang out with a tinder match that she's never met from over a year ago who still casually flirts with her
I have been with my boyfriend for 4 years. My boyfriend’s girl best friend of 6 years sometimes likes to talk to him about masturbation in detail. It’s usually in the context of asking him for advice on whether or not to buy a certain toy or she’s just telling him about something she tried while masturbating and whether she liked it or not. He’s shown me the messages before and has always been transparent about these conversations. She’s never seemed to have any flirty connotation in her messages but the detail in which she talks to him about it makes me uncomfortable. When I told him this he says this is just stuff they talked about even before we started dating and it was more out of curiosity on both sides. This isn’t something that happens very often according to him and I really don’t think he has feelings of any kind or is doing anything suspicious because he is so open about telling me about these conversations. But I’m just wondering if I’m overreacting in being uncomfortable and asking him to divert from these topics if she bring it’s up. Has anyone else had this experience before and how did you feel about it/handle it? Would you talk about masturbation with a close guy friend knowing he has a GF? I also don’t understand why she would ask my BF about masturbation advice when he’s a guy and can’t really give her any useful advice. So I always wonder if there’s some ulterior motive. TL;DR - My boyfriend talks about masturbation with his female best friend and it makes me uncomfortable.
My best friend is a natural flirt, is currently single and has been bouncing between guys for the past few months. Recently, she's begun saying things to me when we're drunk such as "\[boyfriend\] always tells me how much he loves my hair", or "\[boyfriend\] always tells me he loves my style and outfits". She seems to think it's funny, and openly brags about these things to me. At first I cast it aside as a weird comment but didn't think much of it, until recently when a group of our friends, including my boyfriend, had dinner with her parents. That night, she (whilst drunk) kept bringing up how close my boyfriend and her dad seemed to get, saying things such as "\[boyfriend\] likes my dad more than yours, I think he's chosen my family over yours,". I'm not sure if this is relevant but she has cheated on her ex boyfriend with multiple guys and always seems to thrive off attention of guys who have girlfriends, suggesting she does not respect relationships. I do not want to seem like an over protective girlfriend but she is really getting inside my head, making me question what the nature of her relationship is with my boyfriend. Also, my boyfriend has not shown any attention to her that I would not consider normal amongst our friend group, and is extremely loyal to me. I'm not sure why she keeps turning these comments into bragging rights and why she would try and make me feel worried or insecure. **TL;DR:** Best friend keeps suggesting, when drunk, that my boyfriend is into her and brags about it to me, then later suggests it was just a "joke".
I was at a library checking out a book with my girlfriend for studying for finals. I ran into my ex, and she hugged me tight, despite my discomfort. She said "I miss you baby" which angered my girlfriend. Then, I was fighting with my ex. She wants me to leave my current girlfriend and I refused to do so. She then continued to lurk around our table (where I was studying). She then put her arms around my neck and kissed me on the lips, against my wishes. My girlfriend then got very angry and shouted at her to leave, which startled everyone in the library. I also demanded her to leave. When my ex said "not without you", I picked up a textbook and threw it at her. However, my ex dodged the book and I ended up hitting my girlfriend with the book. I had to leave for my next class, which I shared with my ex. My ex took my hand, and wouldn't let me go. My girlfriend thinks that I want my ex back and that I meant to hit her with the book. How do I convince her that this is not the case? How can I tell her that I love her and not my ex? What is the best way to make it up to her for hitting her with a book? Thanks! Tl;DR: I hit my girlfriend by accident with a book and she wants to break up with me. How do I stop this and apologize to her? I love her, not my ex.
So my bf and I have been dating for a year, and living together for about 10 months. Well I found out that him and his ex gf, Haley, text every now and then (she's been in relationship for over a year), but that really doesn't bother me. What bothers me is that whenever she would ask him about us and if we were living together, he would COMPLETELY ignore the questions and continue to talk about her and her bf. He even went on to say how he doesn't think that Haley's bf deserves sleeping next to her every night and he asked if she thought if her and her bf are a perfect match. The thing about it is that anytime he talks to a female, regardless of them being his friends or not being his friends, he never talks about us when asked. If they ask, he always ignores it or says VERY little about us and immediately changes the topic. Also. Not really comfortable with him constantly talking to random females, on FB. mainly bc I don't know what his intentions are. Anyway. Is he embarrassed? Not really sure what to think about why he's so hesitant to talk about us when asked. I know this is probably a dumb thing to be overthinking. --- **TL;DR;** : When asked by any girls, including exes, my bf never seems to want to talk about us. If he does, he keeps it very short and IMMEDIATELY changes the topic. Is he embarrassed to be with me or does he just not want people to know how "serious" we are. Considering we've been living together for 10 months.


Topic 5: ['relationship', 'love', 'want', 'tl', 'dr']
My boyfriend has been telling me once every couple months for the past year that he has urges to have sex with other women (just random ones he finds attractive when he’s out) but he loves me and wants to stay in a relationship with me. He and I are not willing to have an open relationship either. He says these urges are starting to cause him serious emotional turmoil, and every time he tells me I get very upset as I love him so much as well. He claims that he would have these urges no matter who he was with and because of that he does not want us to break up because he feels like we have a great relationship. I do not want to break up because I agree. However this problem is causing a major dilemma for both of us - his “need” as he calls it to have sex with other women but wants to stay with me, and my feeling of not being secure in our relationship but also not wanting to leave him. Does anyone have any suggestions for how his urges and the stress they cause him could be lessened? Or how us as a couple could deal with this better? Any advice at all would be greatly appreciated. TLDR: my boyfriend has urges from wanting to have sex with other women, but neither of us want to break up or be in an open relationship. How do we resolve this problem?
We both are going abroad to study this fall. She is going to country A for 1 year and I'm going to country B for 4 years. She is my first ever girlfriend and I really do like her and I'd love to keep our relationship. I'm not her first boyfriend BTW. And she seems to be madly in love with me. Which makes me worried about our potential long-distance relationship. I cannot bear long distance relationship but she said she'd wait for me several times. I've seen my family members go through long-distance relationships and they never ended up good for both parties so I know what it's like to be in long distance relationship. I really feel bad for her because I don't think I can keep her hanging for 4 years; and I don't plan to return to my home country during my studies. I want to tell her to let go of me and we should both go on with our lives but I'm pussying out. Q: How do I approach her about the break up without coming off as a jerk? --- **tl;dr**: I'm going abroad for studies but my GF of 2 months sincerely tells me that she'd wait for me for 4 years. But I cannot stand long-distance relationship. How to break up with her to avoid painful long-distance relationship?
We have been together for almost two years now. We have had a very good relationship but in the past months I’ve realized we are not really sharing the same thoughts of the future and I am also not attracted to her as much as I once was. I want to move to another country and just live life. She want to join but she wants to do it later, I want it asap. I want to live there maybe forever, she doesn’t. She wants to have kids in the future and I don’t. She talks about us moving in and have our own apartment and at first I was excited, but now I’m just not. I want to do whatever I want, I feel like I can’t enjoy these young years the same way otherwise. I just don’t feel that feeling when I’m with her. I want to break up with her. I really do. And the worst part is that she doesn’t know, there have been no signs that I want that. I know I’m her everything and I know she loves me so much. I want to break up with her but I am so afraid of it because of how she’ll react. I am so fucking afraid. I just know she is going to die inside. I’m afraid she’ll do something stupid. Maybe she is going to drive home after that and cry and get involved in an accident? I don’t know. I just want help. I’m not sure with what. But I don’t feel good anymore and I’m not happy. I can’t set myself on fire just to keep her warm. TL:DR: Girlfriend of two years. I am not in love anymore. I want to end the relationship but I am very afraid of how she’ll react.
I and my girlfriend have been on and off for four years, we broke up the first time because I didn't give her the affection I should have done and we stopped speaking for two months, after those months we decided to give it another go but no labels and that just meant we were in this awkward limbo for four years last week she told me she didn't want to be in a relationship anymore because she felt like we were always going to be on and off and the relationship would never go any further, she wants to remain friends but not talk for a while until we have no more feelings for each other. I don't want that, I really love her and want to take the relationship further but I feel she will say it would feel to inorganic to work. Do I tell her what I want or do I just leave her alone? thank you for reading --- **TL;DR**: relationship ended after being on and off for years I don't want to end it, do I tell her or do I try and move on?
I (24M) have been with my girlfriend (22f) for 7 months now. I'm quite sure I don't love her anymore. I don't think this is the end of the honeymoon phase, I experienced that at 3-4 months. The thing is, everything else is pretty great. We get along well, our sex life is better than ever, we do new things together, we talk a lot. I like to think we have good communication, we discuss our feelings and tell each other when there's something on our minds. A few days ago, I explained to her that I wasn't sure I still loved her. She was very hurt and very angry. She said she still loved me and wished I would love her back. We had a long talk. I told her I thought she deserved someone that loved her but she told me she wanted to stay with me. We decided to stay together and I promised to try to work on myself and my feelings. I truly meant it, but now I'm not sure what to do. Can I go back to loving my girlfriend? If so, how? Is it unfair of me to stay in a relationship with her? This is my first serious relationship, and there are a lot of emotional aspects I'm experiencing for the first time, so any and all help is appreciated. tl;dr: Pretty sure I don't love my girlfriend of 7 months anymore, but there are no other significant problems. What should I do?


Topic 6: ['dog', 'vet', 'old', 'got', 'days']
At noon today my best buddy passed away. Sparky was a black lab/pitbull mix, and he was my best friend since we got him when I was 7 years old. He was very gentlemanly, always too polite to step on you or lay in your lap, he liked affection but not too much. He loved to roll in the grass, loved belly rubs, loved chewing bones and eating just about everything he could get into in the backyard. He was a murderer of several attempted vegetable/flower gardens. He slept next to me every single night, and when he was too old to jump into bed he still slept in my room. This summer he declined quickly, i knew once spring hit that he wouldnt be here next year. His arthritis was bad, he stopped wanting food (he was an industrial food vaccum his whole life) and he let us know he was ready to go. The vet came to our house, she was very kind. He slowly fell asleep, his little head on my knee for the last time. Once she gave him the injection it was two breaths and he was gone. I don't know what to do without him in my life, he's always been by my side. He was the only constant friend i had growing up. Once he passed i felt a relief in the room and a huge yellow butterfly started to fly around our other dog in the backyard. If the vet hadn't come I think he would've passed in the next couple days anyways. I truly believe he stayed as long as his body allowed him to. Sorry that this is long and rambling, I needed some place to write something about him.
My husband and I picked up Deku from a local shelter five days ago. He was such a precious little chonk, and we were both thrilled to have our first dog together. The day after we got him, he started getting sick. It was Sunday, and there were no vets open nearby, so we called the shelter we got him from and they told us that his whole litter had been sick, too, but that it was nothing serious and they had all recovered within the day. We figured he would be the same, so we decided to keep him home. By the next day he still wasn’t better. He wasn’t eating, threw up everything he drank, and was very lethargic, so we got him an emergency vet appointment and he was diagnosed with Parvo. We left him at the clinic so they could treat him 24/7. Last night the vet called and said he didn’t make it. He was too young, and his heart wasn’t strong enough. I can’t stop crying. I can’t think about anything else. I know I didn’t have him long, but I loved that little guy with my whole heart, and the house feels empty without him here. I couldn’t even sleep on my bed last night, because he would sleep with us, and I couldn’t stop thinking about how he should be curled up against my chest. I miss him so much.
We lost our dog Ginger on Saturday. She was our rock and leader of the pack. We both feel lost without her and haven't stopped crying. We had a vet appointment today (the earliest we could get) and we decided we'd take her to emergency if symptoms got worse. We both were so busy this past season that looking back through photos, she was probably weaker than we imagined. She was getting more aggressive with our other dog and I scolded her two days before. She wasn't eating the dry food as much so I got her wet food for senior dogs and she ate it all. I took her on her final walk that night, she finally had a normal poop, nuzzled us both that day, and she wagged her tail at me just a few hours before she went. I feel so terrible for all the times we had to reprimand her, for leaving her alone in the hallway that night in case she piddled on the bed, for not getting her to the hospital the day before instead. We found her laid out as if she were on our bed sleeping between us in the bedding I made for her. She gave her last beats in our arms on the way to the hospital. And in true diva fashion, she had to go out being the center of attention...paramedics rushing to the car in front of everyone waiting for results of their own pets, on the 1 year anniversary of my partner's grandpa's death, and my mom's 61st birthday. I'd like to think she went peacefully and hope to see her again on Rainbow Bridge. We miss and love her so so much.
I rescued him five years ago but he really rescued me. I was going through an extremely difficult time and he kept me going. I'm not sure where he was before he came to me but the vet thought he was a street cat. All of a sudden on Wednesday he stopped eating and drinking, and stopped meowing. He was extremely vocal so this was alarming. He just got worse and worse. We took him to the vet the next morning and they noticed his kidneys were asymmetrical. They did blood work, gave him pain killers and hydration, then sent him home. They called the next morning to tell me that his levels were "striking"-- quadruple the level of a normal cat. We could try dialysis of a sort, and give him 72 hours of hydration at the vet, but he also had a heart murmur and it could result in heart failure. We had to make the most difficult but kindest decision... We had to let him go. He was in pain, he was sick, and he didn't want us near him anymore. He didn't even respond when I pet, kissed, or hugged him. Our old baby was gone and needed to be saved for a second time. I'm completely heartbroken. I feel guilty. I feel like I could have done more to prevent this but I know he was born with the murmur and the asymmetrical kidneys. I know the hospital stay wouldn't have been fun for him and he would have been scared and alone. I just feel so, so sad. I don't even know what to do with myself. Thanks for listening, if you got this far. RIP Hoagie, my sweet sweet boy.
Some weeks ago, on a Sunday much like this, I lost my cat. He was five months and I was excited because he was growing into his own and I was planning on getting him spayed. September 6 would make him 6 months. I suffer from mild depression and this cat was literally everything to me. I felt such bliss whenever I’d get home and he’d come out to greet me. We slept together and ate together and play together. He was everything to me. Dogs killed him just right outside my gate and I had to chase them to get his little body back, and the whole time I was hoping it was just an injury but when I picked him up I realized there was no life in his little body. I didn’t sleep that night and when I got to work I was a complete mess, I cried at my desk the whole day. My chest hurt so much that day and while the chest pain has stopped, the heart ache hasn’t. I’ve never experienced this kind of pain. So many times I wish I could go back and stop it from happening. I miss him so much and I just wish he was here. My heart hurts everyday I come home and he’s not here. I still cry over him. I miss him. I wouldn’t wish this kind of pain on anyone.


Topic 7: ['sleep', 'ca', 'anxiety', 'going', 'anxious']
I'm alright, I mainly just want to vent. Just been having a lot of sleepless nights, and it's very taxing on my mental state. Can't sleep due to anxiety. When I can't sleep, I stay up all night staring at screens... It just drains my soul and I get super depressed. I desperately want to sleep, but I can't unless I'm just dead tired. Usually heart is racing too much when I go to bed. I try to breathe and everything, but I know right away I won't be able to fall asleep anytime soon, so I get back up and it's either Computer, TV, or Ipad. Anxiety comes from many places but when it comes to sleep, It's like I'm so worried that I wont be able to get to sleep, I can't get to sleep. A vicious cycle. Especially if I have to be someplace at a certain time and really need to get to sleep on time, then It's really tough to sleep. I've had bad sleep issues for 18 years. Every once in a while I'll have a week or two where I just sleep great, probably because I need it so badly. Fighting to stay awake during the day and then fighting to sleep at night is just a taxing grind that I want no part of. I don't know what the point of this post is...just venting!
I always knew I was an anxious person, but I'm freaking out right now. I feel like just typing this out will help me through this. &#x200B; I started taking 200mg of Wellbutrin recently, upped from my 100mg dose in December. I always thought I had an anxiety issue, but reading what I'm feeling now comparing it to symptoms online, I suppose this is my first anxiety attack. It has happened 3 times in the last few days. It started with my chest getting tight, then sudden tingling in different spots of my body, one at a time. I started freaking out, thinking something was wrong with my heart, and thus, googling frantically. I started getting this sinking feeling in my heart and stomach every 10-15 seconds. It felt like my heart was being electrocuted and then set on fire. It felt like my body kept getting that sinking feeling like when you go down a steep drop but all over. This fear of impending doom. It felt awful. It felt like I was dying. I was getting brain zaps at the same time. I'm getting heart palpitations, and I feel like I'm going to die. I contacted a doctor I knew over the phone who said it sounds like withdrawal (I did forget one dose of my Wellbutrin yesterday and the day before,) however I took my meds over 12h ago. Usually I would feel better pretty quickly with Effexor if I experienced withdrawal. &#x200B; Anyways. I'm scared. This is horrifying. I can't help but feel like I'm dying. And I keep having to convince myself this is an anxiety attack, not a brain tumor or my organs failing me.
Hi, I need to post this somewhere because I just don’t know what to do. Some time ago, I had a really bad anxiety attack that made my vision go almost black and i felt really dizzy and couldn’t breathe. it was one of the worst i’d ever had completely out of nowhere. the next few days i was constantly anxious, chest pains and a paramedic came out because i was terrified of it being heart problems. they did some scans and of course, it was just really bad anxiety. Since then (about a month or two ago) i’ve been unable to sleep properly almost every night. My head goes dizzy and then i think too hard about what if i die or what if something happens to me in my sleep. about 5 years ago i had a seizure that was just a one off thing and i’m suddenly terrified of it happening again despite not even thinking about it since until now. I don’t know what to do. I have to force myself to sleep or i just end up unable to breathe in tears. Sometimes i just slightly twitch with it and freak out completely. Anything even slightly related to death suddenly freaks me out even though it never has until now. I only feel like this when i sleep alone though, i’m fine if i sleep at my boyfriends house, proving to me it’s just anxiety but i’m still terrified. When i go dizzy with it or feel really sick it scares me so much. Please, what should i do?
Hello fellow anxiety fueled redditors, I’ve dealt with anxiety my whole life on various levels but last night I’m not sure if this was anxiety related. I was asleep in bed and I was in a deep sleep but around 3am I was suddenly wide awake. I felt very nervous, uneasy, and overall very uncomfortable. My mind seemed to be racing for no reason at all. I tried my best to focus on a topic where I could make a list and ignore all the other anxiety in my head. I figured if I could distract myself and calm down, I might be able to get more sleep before work. I think I dozed for a little bit but it was not as deep a sleep as it was before I woke up. It’s like I was in survival mode even though I was in my own bed and there was no danger whatsoever. I guess my question is can anxiety just wake you up from a deep sleep unprovoked? I normally have trouble sleeping but this was something different. I’m currently at work and I’m still nervous and uneasy. I feel the need to run away but I don’t know what from. I’m holding it together okay for right now but it’s really uncomfortable feeling like I’m losing the air in my lungs and just a frustration in my chest that I can’t explain. Any advice or suggestions are more than appreciated. Thanks.
I’ve always been an anxious person and have been diagnosed with GAD in the past. I don’t take medication as I’ve found they make me ill but I take propranolol when needed. I feel I can usually control my anxiety in my day to day life. I’ve recently had a lot of life changes (moved cities, major break up, new job, new home with new housemates etc). I don’t seem to feel anxious during the day. I sometimes feel anxious when I’m trying to date as I feel there is a very tight time frame for me to find someone. I’ve found since moving that I’ll go to bed at night around 10/11 and fall asleep quite easily without worrying about anything. Sometimes I’ll feel quite content. But then around midnight/1am I’ll wake up and I’ll be having a panic attack - I’ll feel sick, I won’t be able to breath, my heart will be pounding and I’ll feel uncontrollable worry and an impending sense of doom. I won’t be able to do anything about this to help (tried walking around, listening to music, mindfulness, listening to anxiety apps). The only thing that helps is taking a propranolol and waiting until it kicks in. Is this a manifestation of anxiety? It’s happened once before when I was doing my masters. How can I stop this without relying on propranolol?


Topic 8: ['feel', 'really', 'life', 'time', 'lost']
One of my best friends passed away a little less than a month ago and it has been hell. I don't know how to cope with this and I feel like I'm losing my mind. We were friends for 8-9 years and life doesn't feel the same. I don't feel like I'm living and everyday is a struggle. I dealt with depression and some issues before this happened and now it became worse, I feel so tired. I don't have the energy to do anything and the simplest things feel so difficult to complete. My heart became so numb and I'm going through cycles of breaking down to feeling nothing. To make things worse my partner broke things off yesterday. I can't help that I feel despair all the time. The world lost a beautiful soul. It's hard to even talk about it. Any advice would be appreciated, thank you for reading.
I lost my fiancee in April. I still find myself crying very hard every day. I moved to a new town, away from my family, her family, and my past friends for graduate school. I've been having trouble making new friends a little because of COVID-19, but I find it especially difficult because not only was she my fiancee, she was my best friend. It's hard for me to want to talk to other people because it doesn't feel like it was when me and my fiancee were like when we were just friends. We used to love talking about philosophy and politics and we loved learning new things together. It's difficult now because I find it difficult to find people who have similar political views to me here in my new city and it's just something I enjoyed talking about with my fiancee. I just feel like I'm not getting what I need out of any friendships, although they are all still very new. I never really had any close friends before her and now that she's gone, I feel absolutely abandoned and alone. This is a ramble but I feel isolated and in a lot of pain. I never knew the human experience could be so harmful.
I don't know why I am sad but I am sad almost always. There's no reason for it. I don't have a bad life. I have people that care about me, albeit not as many as I used to. I feel useless telling my girlfriend about it because it makes her upset, and because I am not sure it helps. I am not sure this will help either. Being sad makes me feel useless. I try to find things to do to fill the empty spaces of time in my life but I never want to do the things I find to do. I feel like I don't have energy to do them, or they just don't seem worth doing. I want to feel useful, though. I have been telling myself for two years now that I am getting better because sometimes it feels like I am, but right now it does not. I am not sure if the lows I am going through are deeper or higher than the ones I have gone through in the past, but sometimes I think it is the former. I am not sure if it matters at all either way, but it makes me tired to think that maybe I will go through the years of my life like this. I will if I have to, but I don't want to be this. I am not going to kill myself because I am afraid to not exist and because it would make people I care about upset. I never hurt myself anymore, but sometimes I feel like I want to as much as I want anything. There isn't a point to this and I don't know where to go from here.
he was one of the barn cats at my family’s farm. we only had him for 7 months before he passed and he was about 2 years old. i feel like he had so much life left, i’m just devastated. this set of barn cats have been very close to my family and have bonded well with the other animals, so even though he wasn’t with us for a long time, it feels like a tremendous loss. the other boy in the bonded pair seems lost too. he’s having a hard time adjusting; he is the more timid and cautious one in the pair. the death was so sudden that i can’t really process it. i was out when it happened, so i feel like if i had been here, maybe he would still be alive. my mom feels like she should’ve been watching the cats more closely, so she’s blaming herself too. i don’t really know how to move forward. his name was jupiter. he was a bit feral and took many risks with fate. but i thought as he aged, he would settle down and eventually be an indoor house cat. i feel like i let him down and can’t believe i’ll never see him again, it just really doesn’t feel fair or real.
My (23f) mom passed away a year ago, and though it has of course been insanely painful, I am also pretty proud of myself for how well I've been navigating my grief. I know I am making good choices for my emotional wellbeing. I feel that I am in as good a place as I can be. However, I still really do not like to discuss the loss of my mom or my grief outside of my therapist. And this is making me a bit conflicted, because it seems like a lot of the current, modern info out there about managing grief is very focused on being open and talking about your loss. I feel like a lot of people seem to equate not talking about it with avoiding it. But, for me, I just don't want to talk about with others because I don't like to. It's a very private thing. With few friends who have ever experienced loss like this, it's not like talking with them about my mom's death is really connecting with my grief anyways because they don't get it and they often say the wrong thing. I know I am not avoiding my grief, but I can't help but feel doubtful when I realize I don't want to talk about it like all the "grief gurus" say you should. Just wondering if anyone else relates to this feeling. Do you talk about your grief and your loss a lot with people you know? Does talking about it make you feel better or more uncomfortable? Or do you keep it pretty private and process your grief in a more solitary way?


Topic 9: ['want', 'anger', 'ca', 'feel', 'hurt']
I want to be numb, I need to be numb, Emotions are too overwhelming, I let them out, All I do is hurt, Hurt myself, Hurt others, I want it to stop. I wonder if someday, Things won’t be this way, I wonder if the pain I feel, Is for a reason. Every time I hurt, I don’t feel stronger, I feel weaker, Because I let myself get hurt, Yet again. I don’t know how to stop, Stop hurting myself, Hurting the people I love, Causing myself even more pain. I want thing, I have things pictured, I need them that way or, I get upset, Then I get angry, It feels like things never go my way, I get frustrated, I don’t know how to see the good, When things get bad. All I can see is the way I pictured it, And how everything went wrong, I am blind to everything that was good, And the minutes that were better. All I can do is blow up, Freak out, Get mad, At myself, Them, Everything.
My anger issues went so unresolved and so ignored that I ruined the best relationship I've ever had with an amazing person. I recognize that these issues do not define me. I know that the same person he fell in love with is the same person I am today, and that through recognizing my issues and genuinely wanting to correct them, I can't go wrong. I want him to know that, too. I broke his heart because of my lack of love for myself. How do I get help? What are the first steps in rebuilding my life? I want to get back to happiness, consistency, calmness, and I want to make amends to the people in my life who I have hurt. I want to make things as right as I possibly can, and be able to accept what I cannot change. I want help. I want change. I want better things. Please. Help.
I feel empty. I still feel things but I feel drained. Im not tired but I would sleep for a year if I could. I just want everything to stop. I don’t know what it is but I want it to stop. Maybe the pressure from my mom, the pressure to do well in school, the pressure to stay calm, the guilt of not doing anything, the feeling of being useless, the times I want to just sit and not feel. I want the world to stop moving, the days to stop flying by, for life to stop because it’s going to fast. Its like there’s a pressure in my head building up and the more I try to stop it the more it keeps building. Everything feels like it’s crumbling around me and I don’t know what’s happening. I don’t know why I feel like this, like a husk of what I should be. I just want it to stop. I don’t know what to do. I don’t know who to talk to, or what to say. And twistedly I don’t want to like a part of me is content sitting in the despair and emptiness forever while the world burns around me. Its terrifying that I can’t seem to do anything except want. Like nothing I want will happen because I just want the pressure in my head to stop and for people to stop and for everything to stop. All I can do is want and talk and find meaning in the trivial things that keep me happy hoping nothing will touch my bubble and pop it. I just want it to stop, it hurts me to keep going like this. I feel so empty
I hate that you only want me at night, when you feel alone and sad I hate that you talk to me when you can't talk to her the way you want I hate that you're with me cause you can't be with her I hate that I hate you, and I hate that I love you I hate that in the end I don't hate you I hate myself for being there even If I hate all those things But I won't be here forever, I really hope not And don't hate me when I'm gone, neither make me feel bad, cause you can't see what's going on I don't hate you, I don't love you It's all in my head You can't even realize, but don't worry, neither can I And I've decided to stop Take myself somewhere nice Where I don't need to think so much And just look at the sky And I'm gonna call it my happy place Where no one else can go We can see our faces again, but not our souls And that's fine, because I don't want mine to die
I just get pissed off easily. Certain people, no matter how innocent they are, cause me to be defensive, and therefore offensive. This causes those people to be hurt. I happen to care about some of these people I hurt. A lot. Don’t tell me I’m a good person or publicly shame me either. I’m doing the latter myself. If anything, just tell me how to start correcting this part of myself if you can. Before I can fix the damage, I have to find a way to stop causing damage in the first place. I don’t want to hurt people anymore. But I don’t know how to stop. I’ve hurt some people I love really bad. I want to take it back but I can’t because I’ve taken it back so many times I can’t do it anymore. I’m turning into the kind of person I hate and I want to stop so bad. Please. Someone help me.


Topic 10: ['girl', 'date', 'months', 'talking', 'really']
So we met on a dating app. We didn’t message on there for very long at all, maybe a day. Then he gave me his number and asked me to grab drinks. We coordinated through text for a little bit just to set up the date and then texted a little prior to our date. First date went well. We spent 4 hours together. We planned second date at the end of the first. Second date was movies then we went to a bar and talked. We spent a good deal of time talking that night after the movies too and he put his arm around me throughout the night. Before I left, he kissed me goodnight. He told me to text him when I got home because it was very late. I texted him the day after in the morning because I fell asleep when I got home immediately. I told him I had a good time and we should plan something this week. He texted me back saying he did too and that we’ll figure something out this week. I told him to have a good rest of his weekend after that. He never responded to that. That was Saturday and today’s Wednesday and I haven’t heard from him. I don’t know if I should text him to plan something or back off a little and let him reach out? I don’t know if he actually likes me and wants to continue dating me anyways either so I don’t want to be needy or clingy. TL;DR: went on two dates with a guy and don’t know how often to text and who should check in/plan dates.
So I tried asking out my friend of 4 years on a date recently but it was a long shot. I'm short and all her past boyfriends have been 6 feet or taller and I'm only 5'6 unfortunately. I asked her out after spending the day together but she said she was only attracted to taller guys, which I honestly kinda knew already. I limited my time talking to her because I was a bit embarrassed and started hating my body. Eventually we started talking again and she told me not to be embarrassed and that we can put the whole thing behind us because she likes being friends. I was messing around on tinder and decided to swipe in different locations for fun. I ended up matching with a really cool Russian girl, we ended up video chatting and have been talking to each other everyday for a few weeks now. The best part is, she doesn't mind my height. Me and my friend were video chatting and I mentioned how I was talking to another girl and she got a little angry? She rolled her eyes and said she doesn't need to hear how amazing and wonderful this girl is and how she's a bad friend for rejecting me. I was very confused and asked her what she was going on about but she asked if we could just change the subject so we did. I'm just confused on why she would get angry at me? Any advice? --- **tl;dr**: I asked my friend out but she rejected me but we moved past it, she got angry when I mentioned a girl I was talking to.
I began my last year of high school and I met this girl. We started dating almost immediately after we met. However, we couldn't hangout very much and she had really bad family issues. So she ended things and said we should just be friends which I was pretty cool with. We still talked a lot and I thought everything was fine. One night a month ago, I got really drunk and I texted her something along the lines of "you don't really care ab me." She didn't respond. Then, she started acting really weird. She got really upset when I started hanging out with another girl. A few days ago, she posted stuff on her Instagram saying "I smile like an idiot when I think of you" "I fell for you before I even realize" "yes asshole I do care ab you" "every time I think of you, I want to be with you, but I shouldn't." To be honest, I'm not sure it's ab me because I'm not sure if she's been seeing someone else. I've been trying to move on for a while now but she keeps making it seem like she likes me. If she does like me, i don't know what to do (this is my first gf and I'm not very experienced with girls). Should I try to back together with her or should just let it go? tl;dr She broke up with me and she seems like she might like me still so I'm not sure what to do.
Namely, that she still wants to see him. Before we started exclusively dating, my boyfriend was seeing another girl as well. She was really upset when he broke things off with her and he was too, saying he wanted to continue seeing her as friends. A few months into our relationship, they met for lunch and she asked him to go skiing together. He told her he'd check with me first and she got really upset saying it felt like she was losing a friend. I'm not sure what's the reasonable thing to do in this situation. Honestly, I'm uncomfortable with them spending 1-on-1 time like that together; I've asked if either of them could bring other friends but they don't have any mutual connections. TL;DR BF is still meeting up with a girl and I'm uncomfortable about this: - The history: he'd been seeing both of us at the same time when we were "casually dating" - How close they were before; how upset he was about letting her go - How recent the "breakup" was, how soon it's been since they were sleeping together etc etc But I also feel like he's handled it well by listening to my concerns, being upfront and talking to me about it. We agreed that going skiing is too much, especially because she seems to still have feelings. But he says that cutting off all contact with someone he thinks he can be good friends with is unreasonable. He said he'd like to continue meeting up for coffee or lunch. Given the circumstances, is it reasonable to not be OK with this? Can they be friends like this? Does any contact between them even make sense?
TLDR: My prom date, who ignored me at prom, responds to a text I sent 6 months ago. So I went to prom with this girl that I thought I really liked. She also happens to be my neighbor. We were never really close before agreeing to go to prom with each other. It was our first time hanging out. We went to each others prom and at her prom, she completely ignored me. She wouldn't talk to me, dance with me, or even acknowledge my existence. She texted me after saying she had a great time. I texted back on a whim since I thought I had nothing to lose about hanging out the following weekend. She responded back and said she was super busy with her sport then but said she would try to find time. I responded back saying "let me know a time that works best for you." I did not get a response ... for 6 months, until tonight when she randomly texted me saying she went through he old text messages and completely forgot to respond and that she felt awful. She now says she would be down to hang out. But I am personally very skeptical. She ignored me at prom, and somehow forgot to respond to a text I sent 6 months ago. Her attitude at prom made me feel like s**t because I was nothing but nice. I'm not the coolest person ever, but I am very nice and I felt like she was rejecting me for no possible reason. Do you think she wants something? Is she trying to use me? Or is she telling the truth and is genuinely sorry that she forgot to respond and actually wants to hang out?


Topic 11: ['mom', 'dad', 'family', 'parents', 'brother']
I don't know where I can tell anyone this. My dad had Alzheimer's. My mom had undiagnosed Alzheimers for years. Mom was my best friend. It was a terrible burden as well as an honor to have been the child that was there to help. The aim was to protect Dad from Covid by keeping him home. One month after my health forced me to stay home, my brother moved dad into an ALF. He died of Covid-19 in November. I lost my dad. 2 months earlier, my brother and his wife took mom and dropped her off at her sisters in another state to go to a party. Within days mom, who had been calling me panicked and lost, had a complete psychotic breakdown. She has been hospitalized now for nearly a year. I lost my mom and my best friend. My brother and wife have not spoken to me since dad's death. They moved into the family house after mom's hospitalization and have not even invited me to mourn. I don't even know if anyone, but four of us are aware that dad died of covid. I was not even told that he was cremated. I need some freaking closure.
My family and I decided to go on a trip to Vietnam to visit family when it came to light that my mom's [51 years old] family has sold the house my maternal grandmother used to live in. (She has passed away.) According to Vietnamese law, the money has to be split evenly between the beneficiaries, my mom being one of them. However, her sister-in-law [58 years old] who sold the house decided to not tell my mom at all and take all the money for herself and the rest of my mom's family. In total she has taken around $200,000, to which my mom is entitled around $20-25,000. When I learned of this from my mom she was deciding if she should take legal action against them. Her relationship with her family is kinda neutral, but with the SIL seems a bit strained. She also had a talk with one of her older brothers, who decided to donate his share to SIL. He said that SIL had a tough life and was involved in an accident that injured her leg, and that we should just forgive them because they are poor. We are not sure how to go forward with this, and I feel a bit guilty about their situation. However we are also poor in the US and the $20-25,000 would help our situation a lot. What should we do in this situation? TL;DR: Mom's SIL sold my mom's family's estate and took it all for herself, not giving my mom her share. Feel some guilt at SIL's family living in poverty, what should we do?
My parents were married for 29 years and my mother passed away last year. 8 months after her death, I found out my father already got himself a girlfriend. I'm not against him seeing someone, it's just that for the last 9 years of their marriage, my father cheated on my mother repeatedly so I was expecting him to be somewhat remorseful and put off dating for at least a year after my mother's death. About my father's new girlfriend, she is a single mom, works as a waitress of some sort. My father has been paying for her rent, buying her expensive goods. This woman has even gone as far as going to my father's company, introducing herself as his new fiancée. I also heard that she's planning on having a child with him soon. Now just to say it again, I'm not against my father dating but he's hiding this relationship from me and my brother. I want to ask my father directly but my brother advised not to because in the past, when my mother confronted him about all the affairs he was having, my father got quite violent so my brother feared he might act like that again this time. I am lost and distraught. I have lost my mom, my brother's already married so all I have left is my father. I have yet to forgive him for what he did in the past but now he's my only family. What should I do? TL;DR: 8 months after mother's death, widowed father is already moving on. He used to cheat multiple times when mother was still alive. Doesn't want to tell me about his new relationship. I don't know what to do.
Son: Dad I have a question. Dad: What is it? Son: Dad is there anything your not telling me? Dad: No son there is nothing I have not told you. *A few weeks later* Mom: Who was the b**** you was with you piece of s***? Dad: There is nobody babe. I love you and you alone. Son: Mom there is no reason not to believe him. I trust him mom he said that I am his son and he would never lie to me. So why cant you just believe him? Mom: Why do you deffend him all the time? Mom: He is not your biological father. Son: ... Mom: We both lied to you your whole life. Mom: You have seven ciblings and a nephew you never knew. Mom: Your biological father died of cancer. Son: ... ^^^^TRUE STORY^^^^ THIS IS WHEN MY LIFE GOT TURNED UPSIDE DOWN
So my mom and dad never married. They have two kids me 20f and my brother 16m. My dad has always been active in my life always at birthdays, comes over to the house daily and pays plenty of child support. He paid for the home we live in, our cell phones including my mom's and various other expenses. The thing is my mom and dad have a very unusual arrangement they have always been sort of friends with benefits and never had romantic interest. They are both considered single but decided to have my brother (he was planned). Still even so they have a bit of distance in their relationship and my dad has made it very clear to me that my mother is a financial nightmare. My mother recently let slip that my dad was a pretty spoiled kid he attended a private high school and is an only child and has gotten inheritance. I have never met my grandparents but as far as I have heard they are both well off and came from money. My mom keeps encouraging me to talk to my dad and that he owes me and should pay for my college. However I feel my dad doesn't owe me anything and he has made it pretty clear my mother is bad with money and has tried to get me and my brother to think differently then her. Tl;dr: found out my dad has money and could pay for my college in full. My mother feels I should ask him and he should pay for my tuition I am unsure if it is a good idea or if it could strain my relationship with him. Any advice on what's best to do?


Topic 12: ['anniversary', 'grief', 'death', 'birthday', 'shared']
Hi all, As most of us know, a loved one's death from a terminal illness can be a really hard experience for individuals and families alike. Our families often serve an important role in grieving and dealing with a member’s death. Many families rely on stories and storytelling as significant ways that they make sense of and cope with the many emotions that accompany their loved one’s diagnosis and death. I'm hoping to hear your stories and understand more about how to support families and storytelling in the end-of-life and in the times that follow a loved one’s death. **If you have experienced the death of an immediate family member to a terminal illness, you are invited to participate in a short survey and Zoom interview about your family’s stories of a loved one’s terminal illness, death, and the time since their passing. In exchange for your time, you will receive a $10 Amazon gift card. (Participants must be 19 years or older, immediate family members only, and loved one must have died approximately 1 year ago).** If you would like to participate, please DM me directly (CassidyTaladay) or email me at [ctaladay@huskers.unl.edu](mailto:ctaladay@huskers.unl.edu) about your interest and to schedule your interview. I look forward to hearing from you! Thank you for sharing your time and stories.
Today is my 24th birthday. It's also my parents' wedding anniversary. Yesterday would have been my Dad's 64th birthday but we lost him unexpectedly and really tragically last month. My mom went into labor with me on my Dad's birthday, and I was born on their wedding anniversary. Everyone always called me my Dad's favorite birthday present. Our birthdays are so intertwined. Today is really tough. It doesn't really seem like a lot of my friends care? I've been getting a lot of inappropriately cheerful and tone deaf happy birthday texts. Most everyone also forgot about my Dad's birthday, including my Grandma and friends of 10+ years who have been at my house or traveled with us for his birthday. I'm always the person who sends a handwritten card or a gift or cake. Birthdays are really important to me. Honestly, people usually are really nice to me on my birthday, but it just doesn't seem like anyone cares. I thought with everything going on friends might send me a cake or something, especially because I'm in a different city and have no one to celebrate with. I don't know if I'll get any presents or anything. So far, I've spent my birthday googling my Dad's medical condition, barely sleeping, sobbing, and worrying about the hospital bills, and how we'll pay them. And my family is all depressed with yesterday being my Dad's birthday and today his wedding anniversary. This is just a really low point from me. I just want my Dad. I feel really alone.
Separated by an hour drive we spent every Friday - Monday together for nearly 3 years. On almost daily basis he dropped a heartfelt voice memo into my email before the sun came up. Sleepy Superman is what he called them. For me it was like a morning meditation, while lying in bed I would listen to the voice of the man I'd grown to love. Profound statements, future dreams and passionate fantasies drifted through my ears into my foggy subconscious. I believed every word... and then in an instant the big C stole our future away - we had plans - marriage then a house in Bocas Del Toro, trips back to the states to visit family, naked get-a-ways and lots of S@X. Then... 3 weeks from diagnosis and 5 days in hospice he passed from here to there in what seems like a flash of lightning. It was just the two of us... now it is just me. His family didn't know of my existence and the tremendous love we shared. Services were for them the memorial video had no trace of us or the last 3 years of his life. He died a very happy man and they didn't even acknowledge his newfound happiness. He was an amazing man and it needs to be known he made a huge difference in my life and his energy is now part of me forever. I Love and Miss you my SkeeterBoo!
Edit: Warning: This post discusses the death of a child I guess right now I am in the "anger" portion of grief because frankly, I think it's bullshit that someone this young had to die. I won't reveal names for the sake of the family but my sister's best friend died at the age of 12 today. It was a FREAK accident while hiking, her family and medica did everything they could to try to save her but she was DOA. Thankfully, she didn't suffer. She fell and hit her head, and went unconscious immediately. My family is a mess. This young girl has been my sister's best friend for 6 years. She spent most of the summer here (my town had barely any COVID cases so it was safe), she was like another member of the family. My sister is especially devastated - she's gone completely catatonic, something I have never seen her do (as she is normally very emotional). I don't know where to go for support. Personally, I wasn't the closest to my sister's best friend, but I am the closest to my sister in the family, so seeing her grieve makes it harder for me. And I really don't want to sound bitter, but my parents are expecting me to help her copr with everything, and I have no clue what to do. Any advice on helping my sister grieve, or my own grief, is more than welcome. I don't have much death experience, and especially not with sudden deaths. Thank you for any and all support.
I’m 25f and my dad had just turned 77 on Dec 13. He was a man’s man, a true warrior and lover. There’s so much I wish I could say about him. A Marine Corps combat veteran. A southern boy, with all the sweet potato pie kindness you’ll rarely meet in people these days. An athlete is an understatement. When my dad made it home from Vietnam, despite all the negativity surrounding that time and war, my dad pursued adrenaline sports and karate with every ounce of passion he had, and his passion becoming the catalyst of his story. He knew how everything worked. How everything was built. He had done every trade and almost any job you could imagine. And the last profession he took to support his children was a paramedic for almost 20 years. (Another adrenaline support!) He was one of the absolute best too, cherishing every life he saved or comforted in their last moments. He brought me into this world when he was 52 years old. I have had such feelings of unfairness and confusion having a much older dad, and have had to see him age and fall into sickness... just too too too quickly.. he had agent orange related COPD and heart failure. He hiked/camped, lifted weights, kicked his punching bag, completely trained until his very last days. He was the most adorable and incredible old man I had the fucking honor to know and call my Dad. I am distraught, but somewhere inside... I think he may be at total peace now, he was suffering so much from his illnesses.. Thank you for reading. I hope anyone can relate and appreciate who my dad was.


Topic 13: ['said', 'told', 'got', 'day', 'wanted']
It's been 1 month and 22 days since we last said I love you. It's been 1 month and 22 days since we last sent pictures of our food to each other. It's been 1 month and 22 days since we last spoke. It's been 1 month and 22 days since I last asked you how'd you felt? It's been 1 month and 22 days since we last went on an online dinner date. It's been 1 month and 22 days since we last saw a movie together. It's been 1 month and 22 days since I last said that you looked beautiful. It's been 1 month and 22 days since I you told me about your day. It's been 1 month and 22 days since I noticed your cute facial expressions. It's been 1 month and 22 days since I told you everything is going to be okay. It's been 1 month and 22 days since I saw your good morning/night messages. It's been 1 month and 22 days since I saw your smile. It's been 1 month and 22 days since I heard your voice. It's been 1 month and 22 days of pain. It's been 1 month and 22 days of missing you.
So we met on a dating app. We didn’t message on there for very long at all, maybe a day. Then he gave me his number and asked me to grab drinks. We coordinated through text for a little bit just to set up the date and then texted a little prior to our date. First date went well. We spent 4 hours together. We planned second date at the end of the first. Second date was movies then we went to a bar and talked. We spent a good deal of time talking that night after the movies too and he put his arm around me throughout the night. Before I left, he kissed me goodnight. He told me to text him when I got home because it was very late. I texted him the day after in the morning because I fell asleep when I got home immediately. I told him I had a good time and we should plan something this week. He texted me back saying he did too and that we’ll figure something out this week. I told him to have a good rest of his weekend after that. He never responded to that. That was Saturday and today’s Wednesday and I haven’t heard from him. I don’t know if I should text him to plan something or back off a little and let him reach out? I don’t know if he actually likes me and wants to continue dating me anyways either so I don’t want to be needy or clingy. TL;DR: went on two dates with a guy and don’t know how often to text and who should check in/plan dates.
Day in, Day out Day in, I fight Day out I look for some light Day in I beat the beast Day out I reign in all darkness unleashed Day in and day out Day in I fight the past Day out one more spell is cast Day in I control the monster Day out I am the master Day in and day out Day in it fights back Day out it plans an attack Day in it gets stronger Day out I get weaker Day in and day out Day in, day out It seeks to kill It looks to win It gains momentum Day in and day out Day in I give Day out I say no more Day in I lose control Day out I am no more Day in and day out In and in There is no more in or out Day is but a dream Darkness consumes and controls Until it is all it seems
I wanted to go out the they before my birthday so we would be together midnight. I texted them 2 days before, told them I wanted to go out, drink and talk about life (I kind of needed to talk about my shitty life, its been a rough month), all of them said they were coming When the day came one friend simply didnt answered any of my messages or phone calls, the other one told me he was going to an open bar party, the next one told me her cousin was having a birthday party and the last one said he was going for a trip I asked them if we could go out the next day, they all said yes and they all ditched me in the next day. One of them posted on instagram some old photos with me congratulating me for my birthday, but didnt called me or even texted me herself I cried and played mkx alone until 5 am on my birthday I think I dont have any real friends.
My aunt is a bit of a big mouth, I have so many things from before this incident that made me not want to talk to her, but this is the final straw. Aunt called me and let me know about mom's medical condition before I had a chance to talk to her myself. What aunt didn't tell me was whether or not my mom's cyst was cancerous or not. I had no clue what she was talking about because I knew my mom was going for another mammogram, but haven't yet had time to ask her how it went. I told my aunt that. She then says, "Well if you talked to your mom once in a while then you'd know." We hung up afterward and I began freaking out. *My mom has a cyst. Oh no, what's next?* I call mom up and ask her what her doctor said and mom told me that she doesn't have cancer, just cyst. She also said that aunt knew that too. I told my mom what my aunt said and mom sighed. I told her I wasn't talking to aunt anymore. What I need help with is how to deal with the aftermath when my aunt pitches a fit. I plan on telling her straight forward I don't have anything to say to you. EDIT: My mom said to not talk to her anymore, she might do the same thing. I am so happy to have my mom on my side. --- **tl;dr**: My aunt told me some serious news but made it sound like my mom had breast cancer. When I said I had no idea, she made a remark that stung. How do I deal with the aftermath of aunt pitching a fit?


Topic 14: ['angry', 'things', 'mad', 'anger', 'really']
So I try to not be a very angry person. I try to let things go and just take things in stride. But I often find that there are times where several small things will happen in a short period of time that will just build up and cause me to get super angry. Like I've broken my foot once because I got so pissed I kicked something and fractured some bones. These "flare ups" are relatively short lived and once I "express" this anger I usually feel better. But I honestly wish It would never get to this point. I don't know how to *not* get mad over things that really do make me angry. Like other people seem to be able to let things go. I've tried just "letting things go" but whenever something else goes wrong, it reminds me of the first thing that made me angry, so I get doubly pissed off. I just get so angry that I have to scream or break or throw something to get all that frustration out, but then I look like a moron because I can't seem to control myself. This happens a lot at work because I have to deal with other people's incompetence a lot, and that's a huge anger point for me. Like I honestly have a hard time coping with other people's stupidity. I don't expect things to always function smooth as butter, but sometimes I have trouble wrapping my head around why someone would do something. And when that happens several times in a day, I get extremely moody and foul. And I get REALLY quick to outright tantrum-level anger. Any suggestions on how to not let things bother me so much? Any techniques other people use?
The only thing stopping me from lashing out when I'm extremely angry at someone (usually not someone that close to be, usually a stranger or acquaintance, someone online, etc) is the consequences. And it scares me. When I'm in that angry state and do lash out (usually ends up being online because the aftermath embarrassment and guilt isn't as bad) I say horrible things, and in the moment I really do mean them. And I don't like that at all. In the moment I try to reason with myself about whether or not I really mean the things I'm saying, and am horrified when loud in clear I tell myself back that I don't care. The only thing I seem to care about is the social implications or online consequences, people making fun of me for it, things like that. Today my hands were shaking so badly from anger cause someone was making fun of me for not being good at a game (and for reference I've been made fun of for things pretty much all my life and it makes me feel weak and threatened) that I could hardly type because I was so upset. I don't know what to do. I've tried telling my therapists about my anger but they don't seem to think it's a big problem. I'm getting scared though. What happens if I act out in a time when my anger is particularly violent? How do I get myself to stop lashing out and get myself to care about the people I'm lashing out at? As I said, they pretty much are never people I really know that well. Please help, or maybe say if you're in the same boat. I'm scared...
I am an extremely angry person. Thing is I wasn't really allowed to express it younger because of an abusive home so I went through my teenage years rebelling myself and throwing things, breaking things, always being in a angry mood, being triggered, yelling. I never directed my anger at others though (never hit anyone or insulted anyone) After friends decided to talk to me I realized I had a lot of work to do. Which I did pretty much successfully. I am still a person with a lot of anger but I've learned to calm down, communicate calmly and friends say it does seems to work better now. Thing is, whenever I am around someone who externalize a lot of anger I lash out. I've noticed the people I tend to be in reaction with are typical people with anger management problems (which I was and still am but in a different way) but I have a hard time being empathic and their externalized anger really angers me. I do not know what it is about even though I thought about it a lot. The only way I can explain it is someone entering the room and being angry out loud for no reasonable reason and then I somewhat feel attacked (I don't know if that's really what I am feeling, it's all so quick) and get angry back and it's a never ending fight.
i've been having problems managing or keeping my self relax at most of times, i have known my self to be patient and easy going ever since i was in highschool but recently i have notice myself getting angry at simple things like phone app taking too long to load, or just some simple mistakes on video games, i've neven actually mind this kind of things back then but now it seems i get irritated or agitated so easily. sometimes when someone say something stupid randomly i just get pissed, like they ask me dumb question thats so obvious i wanna fucking punch them in the face.. i dont know what to do anymore, thinking about i have change into this easily irritated person for like a year or more... even then i was more of like the toxic online gamer that didnt mind shit about the game and just have fun trolling and doing stupid shit, and now that i am not toxic and just be silent ,but, i get really stressed if something doesnt play out really well, i've notice myself punching the wall a couple of times, i know that im losing because when i get excited my body trembles like having adrenaline rush, so i punch the wall and doesnt feel a thing im raring to punch some more but i dont because i will notice that its getting into me again and i have to stop. stoping after the hit is somehow good but i havent manage to stop myself from completely hitting something before i can calm my self.. i really want to stop getting serious at every simple things and be back to having the patience that i had, enjoying the games i play instead of getting heated and losing it at almost everytime.
Hi! I'm 14/F and have had lots of anger issues since I was like..11 or so. It started out small- getting annoyed but not fully angry. But once I was in 6th grade or so it got a little worse, and now I'm going to be a freshman and I get mad over very silly things. I think I got it from my parents. They werent exactly in love ever so growing up i listened to them be angry and argue every day, and my father gets mad easily as well. Some of the things I get mad over include bumping into things, dropping pens or pencils, spilling a drink or food, and my hair not cooperating with me The things I do when im mad are usually screaming, cursing, throwing stuff, and hurting myself via hitting or scratching my arms/legs. Luckily I don't do these around others and only alone since I'm too scares of being embaressing to myself or getting in trouble. How can I manage my anger in a safe and healthy way so I don't break things anymore and generally don't feel as angry over stupid things?


Topic 15: ['job', 'work', 'time', 'school', 'going']
I spent the past two hours writing in my journal about anything and everything that's going on in my life. My anxiety is at an all time high right now because I go back to school in the fall. Background: I have been in engineering for years, taken time off for depression and anxiety, and ultimately withdrew because of my mental health. Flash forward to me going through extensive therapy and applying to a new program at a new school. I got into an engineering technology program at the technical school in my city and I'm really excited, but I'm scared I won't make any friends. All of the friends I have are gone. They've moved out of the city. And I'm all alone. So I'm counting on this new school year to make new friends, but I feel like my anxiety makes me a social pariah. How does a social pariah make friends?! Where do I start?! What if nobody likes me?! I feel very lonely right now and have nobody to talk to so I'm hoping that you Reddit strangers can help me out.
I have a new job working at a grocery store, after job hunting for almost a year and being robbed in a false employment scam. The job itself is fine and i have great co workers but I can't help but feel incredibly "stuck" in life because the job has nothing to do with my college degree (guessing this is a common trigger for depression and anxiety). It doesn't help that the store I work at is incredibly close to the school I graduated at and as a result I end up interacting with old class mates or teachers almost every single day, which always makes me feel bad that I don't have a job in my career field. Even just to be a student again I would give anything, and it kills me inside to see peers from my school walking around oblivious to how incredibly dismal life after graduation is going to be. I have an interview next week for a job in my field but I don't have especially high hopes given how many unsuccessful interviews I have had recently, and to top it off I can't smoke weed in case they test for it at the new job, which was something that sometimes helped with anxiety in the short term. Also I take an SSRI that has been helpful in the past but doesn't really feel like it's working any more.
My best friend is going through a tough time financially. She just went back to school in a new town and has been unable to find a new job since moving. Rent is coming up on the first and she has no idea how she can pay since her savings have since dried up. She found temporary work at a pop-up store but the whole situation was a little weird (the manager wasn't there for the interview, they hired everyone at the group interview, and then they never gave my friend her schedule nor would they return her call/s). Now, I'm really hoping she'll be able to succeed in school but in order to do so... she needs to be able to pay her portion of the rent (utilities included)...$500. I have the money. As a full time college student making a couple dollars more than minimum wage.... $500 is a big chunk of money. That's my rent and my half of the internet bill. But, I have it and could recoup the cost in 2 or 3 or paychecks. If or when I pay this, I will not tell her that I paid. Her landlord knows me (he was my landlord previously) so I don't think I'd have a problem remaining anonymous. --- TL;DR Friend moved, restarted college after working minimum wage, and can't find a job since moving Rent is due the first I have the money but I'm also in college making a few dollars more than minimum wage Should I pay her rent?
Not sure if this is the right sub for this but I'll try anyway. I'm a senior in college (2 months from graduation) with an engineering major, so meeting new people has never really been my forte, I've always met new friends through school, clubs, work, etc and in general, I'm a very extroverted person (I hate being alone for multiple reasons). I planned my courses so that my last year would be easier, so instead of the normal 16 credit hour semester to keep me busy, I'm only taking 12 and I suddenly have a lot of free time. Unfortunately, the few friends that I do have are all busy constantly so I've spent a vast majority of my time sitting alone in my apartment, often not talking to anyone for days at a time, and becoming increasingly more depressed. Being so close to graduation, I decided not to get a job so I could concentrate on applying for jobs related to my career. I'd like to be able to make friends now, but I also don't want to be in the same rut when I move where ever to start a job after college. TL;DR I don't know how to meet new people outside of class/ clubs/ work, and it's something I need to learn. Please help.
I recently started a new job and I am currently studying at university. So as a student, I am glad I got a decent paying job. The position is in an industry I always wanted to work at and I am "executive assistant" of the CEO. I do not have problem with the job itself, but I plan on doing my Masters and even a PhD and I feel like as soon as I graduate, I will be overqualified for the job, not to mention my future education plans. My dream was to always work in this industry in business or PR departments and eventually owning a company myself but my CEO already likes me a lot and always mentions things about me "in the future" like my future in the company three years from now on as an assistant, tells me "in a few years, you can even have your own assistants and serve to other C-Level executives". This is not what I want to do in life, and it makes me feel so bad I feel like crying whenever he says that. How do I advance in this job? My plan was to be useful as much as I can and whenever a position opens for departments I want, I could talk to the CEO, but I already know what he will say "you are great as an assistant and I dont want to lose you" (as I read online from other assistants). What do I do? I need advice. --- **tl;dr**: In a job I do not want to do forever, but from what I read online, people in my position are in a dead-end. How do I advance to an another position, preferably in a year?


Topic 16: ['anxiety', 'panic', 'attacks', 'attack', 'medication']
I've been dealing with anxiety off and on since 2014. My anxiety is based on health and attacks will happen at night. An anxiety attack usually ends up with me not being able to sleep more than 3 hours a night for weeks on end, thinking I'm dying from a heart attack. After the attacks die down, I recover for a few months. I tried therapy, which helped me realize WHY I was anxious. After my therapist told me "You're just a wound-up person, and will be that way for the rest of your life," I stopped therapy and decided to go the route of medication. It's now been 3-4 months since I started 10mg of Lexapro. It worked immediately. Perhaps part of that was in my head, but as soon as I started taking it my anxiety attacks stopped. (I was a two months into my worst attacks yet) The only bad side affects were sleepiness, which was helpful because it put me straight to sleep at night. I haven't had an anxiety attack since I started them months ago and I've had MANY stressful events that would have triggered an attack unmedicated. While I do know that not many have immediate or positive results, don't be afraid to go that route. I waited for 3 years being terrified of medication and reading horror stories online. Overall, I've had an amazing experience that has worked for me so far. Good luck guys!
This past Sunday night I had a severe panic attack - I've had panic attacks before, but this one lasted for hours with so many symptoms that I couldn't help but associate with a heart attack (heart pain, numbness in left arm and jaw, heart palpitations, trembling, trouble breathing, nausea, bloated stomach). Even though I knew it was an attack, after two and a half hours I brought myself to an emergency room (which I've never done before) because I couldn't calm down and was afraid something else might be wrong. They did an EKG/ECG, a chest x-ray, and blood tests and said that everything looked fine and normal and gave me some atavin to help calm down (the first time I've ever taken medication to help with anxiety). It's been three days since then and I'm still having symptoms that scare me. They're not as severe as Sunday, but still pretty bad. The panic symptoms come and go as well - like sometimes I'll feel like I'm finally going back to normal, but then everything comes back, especially at night when I'm trying to sleep, so now I'm barely sleeping. And now I can't get it out of my head that something is still wrong with my heart and the doctors missed something. Please give me some advice on how to calm down (deep belly breathing barely works for me right now) or if you've had similar experiences so I don't fell alone in this fear. I don't know if I should go back to the hospital because I'm sure they'll just re affirm that nothing is wrong except a panic attack..
Hi all, Roughly 4 years ago I underwent various medical tests, including cardiac monitoring which included the wearing of a Holter monitor due to a high blood pressure, pulse, and numerous "panic" attacks. At the end of it all, I was finally told I was suffering from generalized anxiety disorder and began taking 75mg of Effexor XR. Things improved, for the most part. During the past 3.5 years, I had absolutely zero sexual side effects while on Effexor. No decrease in libido, no difficulties having an orgasm. 6 months ago, I decided to finally wean myself off of Effexor. I did so, successfully, but the anxiety began to slowly creep up again during month 3 of being Effexor free. Finally, after many missed days of work, sleepless nights, and panic attacks, I decided it'd be best for me to begin taking Effexor again. I started on 37.5mg (half the dose I was taking prior) and have been on it for 5 weeks now. My anxiety has greatly improved, but I am now experiencing sexual side effects. My libido remains the same, but my ability to orgasm has suffered. It takes quite a bit of time and effort for me to achieve an orgasm, and there have been a couple of times where I simply could not orgasm at all when being intimate with my partner. When I do orgasm, it is weak, and nowhere near as pleasurable as it used to be. Why am I experiencing sexual side effects this time around, when I was on the exact same medication for years, previously, with no sexual side effects at all?
6 weeks ago, I started taking 10mg of Lexapro mainly for anxiety, but also depression. The first week was horrible, and filled with anxiety, but I was motivated to get through it because I was told it gets better. After the first week, I gradually felt better and less anxious. However, I noticed I had some sexual side effects. Therefore, on the 6th week I decided to start taking Wellbutrin (150mg SR once/day, morning), as I read that it can actually increase libido and reverse some of the negative side effects of SSRI's. Another argument for taking Wellbutrin was that it increases the effect of the combined SSRI, which is good, since I was considering upping my dose of Lexapro otherwise. I'm now on day 3 of Wellbutrin, and I feel pretty bad. My anxiety is through the roof. I feel like I'm always on edge. The anxiety is more of a body anxiety than a mind anxiety, meaning that the worst part of it is the burning sensation in my entire body. Also, I still haven't felt any increase in libido or other high-dopamine related effects. Like an SSRI, does your body need time to get used to Wellbutrin? Will my Wellbutrin related anxiety go away after a while of taking it? If you guys could share your knowledge/ experiences with Wellbutrin, or even Wellbutrin and Lexapro combined, I'd really appreciate to hear what you have to say.
I've always had anxiety problems throughout my life. As a kid, it was OCD with intrusive thoughts of harm, germaphobia, etc. I got used to it and went off meds when I was 21. Then over the next few years I started having other issues. I have not had many panic attacks when compared to others, though they happen about annually or a little less. During/before tests and more recently job interviews I would dry heave, feel jittery/have muscle tension, adrenaline release issues, and of course the heart palpitations. In recent years, especially the past few months up until I started Buspirone, probably 16 hours out of the day I was anxious about something. I got VERY paranoid about my job, my friends, personal finances, and a myriad of other stuff. Couldn't focus on anything about half the day. Strong mood swings, constant fear, trouble sleeping, always feeling physically worn yet keyed up, chest pressure and heart palpitations. I knew it was GAD or something similar...definitely not OCD. Now the issues are intermittent. Even with the meds they are still there, especially if it has been a bad day. The difference is that I feel stressed out probably 6-9 hours out of the day, and even then I can usually mitigate it. Now I still get stressed out, and have the same anxiety symptoms, but it is MUCH shorter lived. I can convince myself that in the end, I will be ok. The uncertainty of not knowing whether this is just an up period or whether I am just learning to cope as I did with my OCD is kind of bothering me. Is this normal?


Topic 17: ['rage', 'anger', 'control', 'issues', 'management']
I used to have anger management issues as a child. This was due to the fact that I was bullied so much that I eventually lashed out in anger, exploded. I've never been this angry before in my life and it was very scary. It was like a blind rage where I wouldn't think of the consequences to my anger. I eventually went to therapy to control my anger as it only worsen from that point. To the point that I would lash out over things that usually didn't affect me at all. Eventually I was able to control my anger with the therapy sessions I had. That was years ago. Fast forward a decade and I've found myself reverting back to that anger. It all starts from playing competitive video games to the point that I've broken multiple phones from lashing out and furniture. I get succumbed in my emotions and I don't think rationally. I'm making this post so that I hold myself accountable every day of my anger. I remember that in therapy I would keep a journal where I would write every day to track the progress of overcoming my anger. I plan on doing the same here. Feel free to join me in my journey.
Since I was about 10 years old, I've started having anger management issues. I'm polite, nice and sweet when I'm not angered. But when I'm triggered (sometimes over small things), it quickly gets out of control. Anger kicks in too fast for me to even realize I'm angry, and by the time I realize, I've already hurled hurtful words. If I can discribe it, it's like lightning. It happens too fast, causing a lot of damage. I constantly find myself apologizing for this, every time I wish it didn't happen. The thing that gets to me most is that I'm always hurting the people I love the most and I don't want to do that. I've read a little about anger and learnt anger comes from hurt, which I do agree with. I do see that maybe I'm not good at managing pain. As a kid I would physically hurt people, though by 12 years old I've learnt how to stop that. Although I'm not physically hurting anyone now, I am still hurting people verbally. Occasionally (when angered), I have thoughts of hitting the ones who angered me. Thankfully, these are just thoughts, I am still able to hold myself back physically. Does anyone have any idea on how to cope with this sudden outburst of massive anger? My mom did suggest for me to go for some anger management classes. Is there any other way I can cope with this or is seeking help from a therapist the only way to go?
Basically, I have a constant layer if anger as a baseline under whatever emotion or lack of emotion I'm feeling at the time. Like a cold toiling magma under a mantel. This inam getting used to but its causing a lot of issues the most apparent being it makes it impossible to relax or wind down. I'm always highly strung as if a fights about to start. This used to not be too bad as a young kid until I got emotionally detached from everything but anger for almost a decade due to a rough year. The second type builds off this, the smallest thing can cause my anger to flare even just lyrics and leave me enraged temporarily. It turns any fun activity in a test of patience and adds to other health issues to ruin everything I try to enjoy. Thankfully I have get very used ti suppressing my emotions and wont lash out at others but it has led to me damaging myself just to ground myself and feel something other than anger. It also leads to blacking out and dissociation when in a fight/lose my grip on it and it triggers adrenaline very very easily which messes with my circulation. So my question is, is any of this normal to have two main, one constant the other easily triggered, forms of anger and is there any advise anyone has to controlling it. I've tried martial arts, meditating, doodling, music and even have dabbled in exercise and boxing.
My anger has only grown over the years. I have extreme anger towards certain things. The sounds. Im just very irritated by fucking sounds of crying kids, passing motorbikes and construction to the point it drives me to cry and scream. My neighbours are assholes who won't shut the fuck up. They're ugly ass kids scream and play all day and I am driven to the point where do scream and break stuff and it only upsets my family. I only wish I had the will power to go out and actually murder those kids with my bare hands. The weather. I am extremely sensitive to both polar opposites of weather. I love winters. But summers are like hell and i have the exact same reaction described above towards hot weather too. My anger causes a lot of headaches and I can't take it. Even mild summers are like hell to me. My parents/ family. Especially mother trying to control what i do. Nevermind that she isn't a crazy mother but just her or anyone else's presence around me lights a fire inside of me. And when someone annoys me, trying to tell me what to do I want to kill them. Now even if I ask my parents for therapy they won't get me therapy know for sure. There are loads of other problems in my life that have made me this way. I focus on my anger a little too less thatswhy I think less and act out more. To this point I feel like my anger is out of control. There is no way I can handle it without being physical and verbal. Please help. I feel scared of myself that I'll actually end up killing myself or drawing blood if my anger grows more.
So I try to not be a very angry person. I try to let things go and just take things in stride. But I often find that there are times where several small things will happen in a short period of time that will just build up and cause me to get super angry. Like I've broken my foot once because I got so pissed I kicked something and fractured some bones. These "flare ups" are relatively short lived and once I "express" this anger I usually feel better. But I honestly wish It would never get to this point. I don't know how to *not* get mad over things that really do make me angry. Like other people seem to be able to let things go. I've tried just "letting things go" but whenever something else goes wrong, it reminds me of the first thing that made me angry, so I get doubly pissed off. I just get so angry that I have to scream or break or throw something to get all that frustration out, but then I look like a moron because I can't seem to control myself. This happens a lot at work because I have to deal with other people's incompetence a lot, and that's a huge anger point for me. Like I honestly have a hard time coping with other people's stupidity. I don't expect things to always function smooth as butter, but sometimes I have trouble wrapping my head around why someone would do something. And when that happens several times in a day, I get extremely moody and foul. And I get REALLY quick to outright tantrum-level anger. Any suggestions on how to not let things bother me so much? Any techniques other people use?


Topic 18: ['im', 'na', 'dont', 'fucking', 'wan']
Im not sad, im empty, I dont wanna cry, even if I want, I cant cry. Im empty. Its like live without life. Im there but im in other place. This felling its soo deep, soo fucking deep, im not happy but, I have family, I never tried kill miself, I was suicide thoughs but, I never tried. Im here for them, and i will be here for them, I will figth for them, im tired of felling me of that way but I dont wanna give up, I will figth until the death, cause its worth, I know sound stupid, but the life is stupid, and i dont know why but im sure that figth its worth it. I will keep figthing and u should do too.
fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you
Its right fucking there. Right in front of everyone face as they hate their jobs and kill people for money and shit like that. WHY CANT YOU FUCKING SEE IT!!! There isn't a SINGLE FUCKING REASON to live. I'm not saying this in a suicidal way. Its not sad. Its just fucking true. You live and then you die. Thats fucking it. Thats all there is! Youre alive until youre dead. And thats not bad. It just means you're dead. Do you fucking care? No! Why the fuck would you. You're DEAD! You don't Fucking Exist!!!! ALSO! Life is fucking boring! Yes it is! EVERYTHING SUCKS!! GET OVER IT, AND MOVE ON! Even sex, mankinds greatest idea ever, is just boring as fuck! And its never as good as you expect! EVERY SINGLE THING IN LIFE, SUCKS!! Now there are things that are less shitty than others, or perhaps, less FUCKING BORING!! Fill YOUR SHITTY LIFE, UP WITH THESE THINGS! THATS WHAT THEY'RE FOR!!!! THE MEANING OF LIFE IS LITERALLY TO WASTE TIME UNTIL YOU'RE DEAD!!! If you do that in the LEAST fucking BORING way... YOU WIN! SO LITERALLY, JUST DO WHAT YOU WANT UNTIL YOU'RE DEAD. ITS SO FUCKING EASY AND SO OBVIOUS, IT'S RIDICULOUS THAT IM THE ONLY ONE I'VE MET WHO KNOWS THIS!!!! SO NOW YOU MOTHERFUCKING LIFE ZOMBIES, PLEASE, DO YOU FUCKING UNDERSTAND???
I hate that you only want me at night, when you feel alone and sad I hate that you talk to me when you can't talk to her the way you want I hate that you're with me cause you can't be with her I hate that I hate you, and I hate that I love you I hate that in the end I don't hate you I hate myself for being there even If I hate all those things But I won't be here forever, I really hope not And don't hate me when I'm gone, neither make me feel bad, cause you can't see what's going on I don't hate you, I don't love you It's all in my head You can't even realize, but don't worry, neither can I And I've decided to stop Take myself somewhere nice Where I don't need to think so much And just look at the sky And I'm gonna call it my happy place Where no one else can go We can see our faces again, but not our souls And that's fine, because I don't want mine to die
I hate my job. I'm sick of going to my shitty cashier job. I'm sick of being yelled at by customers I'm sick of customers asking whats wrong with my face. I should smile so sick of this fucking shit. I'm sick of everyone why cant everyone just leave me the fuck alone why cant I just do my job and go home. I hate my fucking life so much. I want my own shit I want to get out of here. Im tired of my dad texting me telling me to call him. I dont want shit to do with you all. You arent family you dont even care if I live. Im sick of being jealous of the person I love because he gives everyone else attention but not me. He never looks at me he doesnt even give a shit if I go away or not. I'm just another employee to him. Im tired of going through medical conditions. I just want this to end. I want to be happy. I want to feel loved. I see everyone else having kids enjoying their lives when they dont even deserve none of it. I deserve to be happy to. I didnt do anything wrong in my life to deserve this. I know its Easter and all, but I just felt really shitty. Thank you for all who have read this.


Topic 19: ['post', 'stupid', 'selfish', 'hate', 'mistakes']
EVERY FUCKING TIME I need to access a fucking image... - Hey, download our shitty app! Have you downloaded the app yet? Get our app! Are you sure you don't want the fucking app? - I can't access my fucking images on mobile. Just a black screen. On ANY goddamn fucking browser I use! - I'm constantly being auto signed out. - Even if you USE the fucking app, it auto uploads images with no privacy settings, making everything you upload via it public. - It also instantly makes a public album for more than one uploads via the app. - You can't fucking access anything on mobile or tablet using the desktop version of the site either because it requires a mouse hover in order to access the fucking menu. So even trying to work around the shitty mobile version of the site doesn't work. - Just to download my OWN fucking pictures from Imgur, I had to go to a computer, take the links of the pictures, make a throwaway Reddit post of them, go to the phone, access that post, and download them off of Reddit. JUST to get my own fucking pictures off of Imgur onto my phone! #**I SERIOUSLY HATE THIS SHITTY-ASS FUCKING, POORLY RUN WEBSITE! WHO THE _FUCK_ PROGRAMMED THIS SHIT?!?**
The smug, elitist attitudes that I see on this website make me fucking sick. People here think that it is possible to be "objectively wrong" about things that are ENTIRELY SUBJECTIVE like music, film, food, and video games. I also hate being told "lol just do X" when I have reasons for wanting to do "Y" instead, and when I try to explain my reasons, people can't seem to get them through their thick fucking skulls. I also hate the fucking voting system on this site. It drowns out dissenting opinions and encourages circlejerking. The original reason it was implemented was as a lazy form of user self-moderation, and guess what? People don't fucking use it for that AT ALL. They just use it to upvote posts that agree with the hivemind's opinion on things, and downvote posts that don't. Jesus goddamn motherfucking Christ, are there any websites where people aren't a bunch of complete fucking asshats? I miss the old days of small, tightly-knit forums, instead of the big social media shitshows we have today. I'm hopelessly addicted to Reddit and Twitter, and both sites are infuriating in their own somewhat similar ways. I'm also forced to own a Facebook account, because for some reason a bunch of IRL people I have to keep in touch with insist on using it as their primary form of communication, and the shit I see on there tends to be even worse. Now, I will say, you can still occasionally run into cool people online, including on Reddit, and I like it when that happens. However, I run into lots of idiots online too, and I wish there was some way to intelligently filter them from my browsing experience.
The purpose of this post is two-fold: 1) to encourage others like me, and 2) to tell these yuppies to shut the fuck up. Here they are: 1) You are an American and have the the right to believe whatever you want. Don't let these Nazis tell you what to think and what's right and wrong. They can't do shit to you (legally) if you think men fucking men in the ass is wrong - you have the right to do that, so don't budge. Don't let these pussies brainwash you and call you a hater for what you believe; give them the middle finger and tell them to go suck a dick. Get inspired by this post until some self-righteous Nazi asshole takes this post down for not being "politically correct" (by HIS standard, of course, which is all that matters). 2) Shut the FUCK up, I'm sick of your self-righteous bullshit, saying how you're all "new age" and tolerant. If you're so tolerant then why the fuck do you give us so much shit for not licking nuts to these fags? Why not let me have whatever opinion I want? And let me explain to your dumb ass that there isn't anything "modern" about men fucking men in the ass. Go read history and leave me the fuck alone. Marriage was made by straight people in order to raise normal families. Stop trying to get your ass into the straight-people group, you're not invited. Go make your own shit, give it your own name, stop using "marriage" that's taken. I don't give a fuck what you do as long as you leave us the fuck alone, get the fuck out of my ear and move along to your next abomination or get the fuck out of this country. P.S. Fuck you. P.S.S. Twice. Peace
*log into Deviantart for the first time in years, see the username is awful, decide to get a new one* "Why are you deactivating your account?" "Would prefer a new username." "Account deactivated." *try to register new account* "Email already in use." *log in, goes to same account I just deactivated, try to deactivate again to find reactivation page* "Reactivate your Account Deactivated accounts may be reactivated after 48 hours have passed since deactivation. The reactivation window is open for up to 30 days after the original deactivation date." Wow, what a pain in the ass. Wait, what's this in the settings...? "Change Username You can change your deviantART username" And yet on this other page it says, and I quote: "You have deactivated your account with a reason of Would prefer a new username." HEY DEVIANTART, YOU EVER THINK OF POSSIBLY ATTEMPTING TO SELL ME ON THE USERNAME CHANGE FEATURE OF YOUR SITE BEFORE LETTING ME DEACTIVATE MY ACCOUNT TO GET A NEW USERNAME, AND THEN MAKING ME WAIT FOURTY EIGHT FUCKING HOURS TO GET MY ACCOUNT REACTIVATED? YOU EVER THINK OF THAT? CAUSE IT WOULD HAVE SAVED A WHOLE LOT OF HASSLE. THIS IS THE REASON PEOPLE HATE YOU DA. THIS IS THE REASON SO MANY PEOPLE TRY TO FIND ALTERNATIVE ART SITES, BECAUSE YOU'RE A FUCKING IDIOT. YOU WOULD THINK THAT SINCE CHANGING YOUR USERNAME REQUIRES A PREMIUM ACCOUNT, WHICH REQUIRES MONEY, THAT YOU WOULD ATTEMPT TO MAKE A SALE HERE. YOU COULD HAVE MADE ONE! LIKE RIGHT NOW, I COULD HAVE BOUGHT A PREMIUM ACCOUNT, BUT FRANKLY WITH THIS SHIT-TASTIC SERVICE OF YOURS I'M HONESTLY CONSIDERING WAITING OUT THE THIRTY TWO DAYS UNTIL THE ACCOUNT COMPLETELY VANISHES AND THEN POSSIBLY NOT EVEN REGISTERING AN ACCOUNT AFTER THAT. I'M SO SICK OF SHITTY CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM FUCKS LIKE YOU. FUCK OFF -K
I'm far from being good at drawing, which is if course why I draw, to improve, i understand this, but every fucking time i try to practice or draw something I end up punching my desk, throwing my tablet or drawing pen at the wall, snapping my pencils in half, or ripping up my entire drawing journal. It fucking pisses me off, My arms look like a preschoolers minecraft oc they made in mspaint with squares, my legs look like they belong to beetlejuice (the comedian) necks are the worst, fuck, I try different styles and practice different techniques but I don't improve, I have no idea what I want to draw. Fucking hell, It's amazing my tablet hasn't broke yet. I've gotten close to smashing my computer screen, and i'm fed the fuck up, I'm not good at anything so I decide I should draw and have something i'm good at, but no my fucking anger gets in the way and i'm too much of a douchebag to give up. I try to be good at math so I can catch up on my geometry classes, fuck I don't understand it, the numbers make me feel frustrated, I try to read but I get bored by the 20th or so page, I try to code but I get bored, I try to sing, boring. Dancing , boring. Everything i either get bored of or pissed at and it's pissing me off, the only things that I don't get pissed about is punching walls and playing five finger fillet, I don't get it, why can't I be like every other teen and have something that makes me human, i'm just here.


Topic 20: ['fucking', 'fuck', 'shit', 'car', 'pissed']
fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you
God fucking damn it. I don't know why I fucking work here. I dont know why I am impulsive. I dont fucking know WHY I elect to stay in this fuckong city. o fucking hate this fucking city. I'm fucking exhausted from being a nice guy to almost everyone. I want to fucking break everything I see. I'm getting more and more irratable each passing fucking day. I owe my fucking boss 850$ so I cant bring this shit up with him, my brother won't fucking listen to me my grandmother is tired of patting me on the fucking back. My wife doeant give a shit so she won't even try and approach me while I am pissed. I don't have any fucking friends I am sick and fucking tired of waking up and going to q job that lost its fucking luster after the first two years. I hate my shitty little apartment. I bought nice fucking things so I could feel a little better about myself. Everyone I work with is an apple while I am a fuckong orange so I cant fucking make friends here. My wife doesnt want to try and be social, my fucking Ma is going to guilt trip me when she gets out of thd god damn hospital for not trearing her like the center of fucking attention. My dad fucking played the devil on my shoulder and made me fucking hate my situation even more. I just wanna fucking drive my car in to a god damn concrete mixture get covered in concrete and slowly fucking die of lack of oxygen and blood loss from the crash. If it kills me instantly then what the fuck ever I'm too fucking pissed to care.
I can't even find a fucking forum to post this on so I'm going to fucking reddit. &amp;nbsp; I was up all night working, went to bed around 5am, and really...REALLY needed some rest before my presentation today. &amp;nbsp; I woke up at 8 and just tried to set an alarm to wake up at 9. Four hours of sleep would have been great. I usually set my alarm with "ok google" voice commands so the process is as painless as possible. But for some fucking reason, htc has decided to fucking set an a fucking limit on the amount of fucking alarms you can create!!! &amp;nbsp; Seriously? What the fuck is the justification for this? Memory??!?!?!??! I would have believed you if we were still in 1990 where 1mb was a shit ton of space. But what the actual fuck!? Now my phone shoots video if 4 fucking k! There's absolutely, categorically, no fucking reason for limiting my alarms to 10. &amp;nbsp; Apple never did this, they realized that people fucking use the alarm app when they are dog fucking tired and just need to go the fuck to bed, instead of DELETING ALARMS so they can set a fucking alarm!!!! Fuck you HTC. I'm so angry I can't sleep anymore. I'm tired, I'm incoherent, and I had 30 minutes that I could sleep, but you fucking pissed me off so much with your fucking user experience that I can't even sleep now. FUCK YOU HTC!!!! &amp;nbsp; I'm seriously considering switching back to iphone just for the fucking alarm. You're going to lose a customer over 10k of memory to set more than 10 alarms...
No you fucking donut, I did send it. Your fucking cunt of a fax machine didn't receive and how the fuck is this my fault? And now i have to do this shit again based off your fucking good word that it'll work this time? For fucks sake you fucking cunts I sent my verification of enrollment TWICE. I'm a broke ass college student and my ass is not fucking flying a few hundred miles just so I could get paid a few bucks to watch a bunch of fucking shit heads deliver a verdict on some poor bastard or actual asshole on how they fucked it up in the law. You fucking dicks and now you're trying to fine me? Oh man first I get to watch you fucking idiots send out summons without checking for fucking anything and now its my fault when your shit of a machine doesn't work and I have to go fix it? Oh man I'm mad I am fucking mad. And you cunts don't even have the courtesy to send me a notification about anything other than a fucking fine. EDIT: NOW AS I THINK ABOUT IT FUCK OFF TO THAT GUY ORIGINALLY THAT TOLD ME I COULD ONLY USE FAX WHEN THIS BITCH ON THE PHONE TELLS ME TO EMAIL. GOD FUCKING DAMNIT YOU FUCKING DICKS
Just got off work, have to let off some steam before I move on to relaxing- I am so FUCKING tired of the bullshit going on at my job. My boss plays favorites like a mother fucker-- I know because I used to be a favorite. She talks to us more, she gives us less work and more fun stuff, all this shit, and being a favorite has NOTHING to do with the kind of employee you are. I know THAT because even though my work ethic increased and I was clocking more hours, she flipped the switch to "least favorite" anyway. So now I'm being totally over-fucking-worked and so is my other coworker, but the FAVORITE is having trouble working enough hours!! SURPRISE SURPRISE, BECAUSE THIS IS "TOTALLY" THE FIRST TIME THIS HAS EVER HAPPENED WITH THIS BOSS,ITS NOT LIKE SHE HAS A REPUTATION FOR BEING A BITCH OR LEAVES EVERY DEPARTMENT SHE WALKS INTO A WRECK BECAUSE EVERYONE WANTS TO FUCKING KILL THEMSELVES AFTER THEY HAVE TO WORK WITH HER FUCKING ASS. You'd think after TWO people on a FOUR PERSON TEAM come to management saying HEY THIS WOMANS A FUCKING BULLY, MAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYBBBBBBBEEEEE someone would deem it necessary to GIVE HALF A FUCKING SHIT, but no, no, my boss is willing to work over 400+ hours for free in a single year so they want her and they want her bad. If you fucking stand up for yourself, or cite the company's policy of "work/life balance", they fucking laugh at you. Fuck all of you stupid, shitty, useless mother fuckers and suck my fucking dick while you're at it. IM FUCKING QUITTING AS SOON AS I GET ANOTHER JOB AND IM GOING TO SAY EVERY WORD OF THIS TO ALL OF YOUR FUCKING FACES WHEN I DO.


Topic 21: ['pregnancy', 'pregnant', 'period', 'weeks', 'miscarriage']
Hi All, Well I’m back again. Little back story, TTC since December’19. Got pregnant with our first in June and had a MC at 6 weeks in July. We got pregnant again first cycle after the MC and at 5W4D (today) had another MC. I was so convinced the statistics were on our side and that this would be a healthy viable pregnancy. With our first, the highest my hCG got was 459 at 6 weeks. I found out I was pregnancy at 10DPO. Because of the precious MC my OB let me do repeated hCG testing and progesterone. Progesterone looked good and at first my numbers were low but doubling accordingly. On Tuesday my levels were at 155 and I was told to wait a week before I got retested. However, on Saturday I started light pink spotting and the doctor told me to get tested to make sure my levels were at least in the 600s. I found out my levels dropped to 67. The results from my blood draw today weren’t ready during my OB appointment however the US confirmed I was no longer pregnant. I have a follow up appointment with my OB on Thursday and I want to request testing and ask to see a specialist. I was curious for those who have unfortunately had multiple miscarriages, what tests did you have done afterwards? Is there something else I should be asking for at this time? I know I need to self advocate since I want answers and want to avoid a third MC. TL;DR. Dealing with my second MC, both pregnancies the hCG levels never got that high. Anyone have a similar experience that they are willing to share? What tests should I request / what else should I ask for? TIA 🤍
A little history, found out I was expecting on March 3rd. By the 12th I woke up with some brown spotting, went to the ER and my betas were around 250, which my doctor said was low for 5 weeks, and an ultrasound showed “no signs of pregnancy in the uterus” but also no sign of ectopic. Came back 48 hours later for another blood draw, betas were even lower and was told I was miscarrying. The spotting continued until Thursday, the 17th. No cramps up to this point. Thursday night I felt an intense cramping and when I wiped there was an enormous amount of red blood (and clots). Over the weekend the bleeding continued, super heavy with many large clots. I had a telephone appointment with my doctor this afternoon and she questioned if the bleeding has become less, I said no it’s the same if not worse than when it started. She was concerned and ordered an emergency ultrasound for tomorrow to confirm if I need a D&C. Confused on this because a week ago nothing was seen on the ultrasound. I was also under the impression that sometimes the heavy bleeding can last weeks, and it has really only been around 5 days of bleeding for me. How long was bleeding for you during early miscarriage? Has anyone needed a D&C for miscarriage at 5 weeks? This is my first MC so I am not sure what is normal.
I found out I was pregnant in January (first pregnancy), my husband and I were so excited.. at the first appointment (7 weeks) we found out that there was a vanishing twin. They told us at that time the other baby looked perfect. I started doing research and a lot of things said that even though the one baby was not viable, the chances of losing the other baby were very low which eased my anxiety. Fast forward to other appointments, baby still looking perfect and heartbeat great at 8 weeks, 10 weeks, 11 weeks I started having bleeding but 2 OB visits and an ER visit showed no reason for the bleeding and baby still looked fine. Had my last appointment at 14 weeks and again everything looks great and they tell me I can start going 4 week between appointments. I went to my 18 week appointment yesterday (alone) to find out baby stopped growing at 15+5 and there was no heartbeat. We are devastated. They have no idea what happened. I go for a D&E Thursday morning. I never thought my heart could feel this broken or that I could feel like such a failure... I did everything I was supposed to and I still lost my baby. Everyone of our family members and friends are being incredibly supportive even with the corona virus keeping everyone distant and I appreciate them but I just can’t wrap my head around what is happening.
*UPDATE* So it is a molar pregnancy. I'm now waiting to be scheduled in for a D&C. Thank you to all you ladies for your support, tips, and well wishes! I appreciate each and every one of you coming to my aid when I know you all are suffering also. ❤ Im so sad and angry. I had my third miscarriage on may 25th. It was my second since Jan. Because I've had recurrent miscarriages my OBGYN has been getting some test done. My husband and I have not had sex since 2 weeks before our last miscarriage as I've really been struggling with my mental state and my body. I got some blood test and a pregnancy test last week to make sure that my HCG levels were normal before I went in for my hsg test today. My doctor got my blood results back on Tuesday last week and I know this because I spoke to them on the phone just as they came in. Well apparently nobody looked at them until this morning. a half an hour before I was supposed to go in for my hsg. My hormone levels are so high the doctor believes I'm pregnant. I HAVENT HAD ANY SEX SINCE BEFORE MY LAST MISCARRIAGE! How is this even possible?!? Now they're rushing me in for an ultrasound and more blood test as everyone is totally baffled as to what's going on, as am I. This process has been so devastating and it's like it just wont end... has anyone else been in this situation before?
I’m 28, was about 8wks since LMP when I miscarried. Obgyne did an ultrasound and said there was no need for d&c but he would monitor my hcg levels (1k at the time). They went up but slowly (2k after four days then 3.4k two days after that). After the third blood test and ultrasound (which was clear) that showed rising hcg, he sent me to ER for mtx shot. The hospital did more blood, more ultrasound, my hcg went from the 3k two days before to 6k day of. They said it was possibly a very early pregnancy so nothing was caught on ultrasound but doubling in two days is a sign it could be viable. Was denied shot and told to see obgyne to check on hcg in a few days. Two days later, back at my obgyne for ultrasound and blood. Ultrasound shows nothing, hcg went down to 5k. Was told to return in a few days to check again. Went yesterday and it’s since gone up to 5.2k I don’t understand what’s happening with my body. There’s no pain, there’s no cramping, there is still bleeding though. Obgyne told me to go to ER again, preferably early tomorrow, for mtx shot. I’m not keen on going through all that again but now I’m terrified of an ectopic rupture and feel I have no other choice. I just want to be on the other side of this already. This process has been emotionally exhausting.


Topic 22: ['friends', 'friend', 'group', 'really', 'best']
my best friend has been a part of my life since freshman year of high school. we’re college sophomores now, so it makes sense that we’d drift apart since we’re at different colleges in different states, but oddly enough she’s become so much closer with one of our “friends” from high school who actually has always been quite mean to me. i never really considered her to be my friend for that reason, but my best friend doesn’t seem to care, which is fine because I won’t dictate who she can and can’t be friends with but it does hurt sometimes. this “friend” took a gap year freshman year while my best friend and i went off to college last year. during our first year of college, i became very busy on campus and didn’t have a lot of time to contact friends from home, but i also started struggling with severe social anxiety both on campus and with my friends from home, so contacting them became so hard for me, but i didn’t expect them to become so close while my best friend was away at school. now they hang out and facetime all the time and she never really contacts me unless she needs to ask for something which is just kind of sickening to me. i’m just so hurt because i’ve done so much for this friend and i thought we’d be best friends forever but she seems so much closer with this other friend now. it’s breaking my heart and i don’t know what to do. i might need to tell her about the anxiety i’ve been suffering with, but i just don’t want to deal with that, but i don’t want to lose her either. someone help :(
Sure, I have a couple of friend groups I like to hang out with. However, I feel like I'm not really "in" the group. Everyone in the group is closer to someone else than they are with me. They sometimes invite me to parties, but I end up kinda wandering because everyone's having their own convos in their groups. Sometimes, they don't invite me at all and I find out on social media. This may seem shallow, but it makes me feel so alone when I see them all hanging out together, while I'm on my couch doing nothing. They always use "love you" but I feel like those words have lost their meaning and have become really shallow. I feel like I'm not really a part of the group and my closest friends don't even really consider me one of their closest friends. Idk I'm just confused and really lonely. I try to laugh it off when my friends are talking about their fun times together that they had without me. And sometimes I feel like they invite me to stuff out of pity or they say "you can come, if you want." I just want one friend I can always hang out with and talk to and call my true best friend.
So I was best friends with a girl that I met in 2014 and we got along pretty good, but in september last year we started talking a lot and became best friends. This year I started crushing on her and slowly I fell in love with her and decided to tell her my feelings. The feeling was not mutual but we remained best friends, or so I thought. We had a talk last night and she told that due to the fact that I fell in love with her there can never be the same relationship between us that we once had. Like she stopped telling when she finds some guy cute because she thinks it will hurt me and that even it this passes we cannot be best friends again. So now we are just friends and to be honest it kills me, I don't care about my feelings for her at the moment, I just want my best friend back. She helped through a hard time in my life and I am really really close to her and just want things back to normal, but unfortunately it seems I am slowly losing her, as she became different when texting. She is a bit more cold now and get the feeling that she is trying to avoid me. So I was wondering, how do I cope with losing my best friend? TL;DR: Fell in love with my best friend and it wasn't mutual, she said that now that I am in love with her we can never be best friends again. How do I cope with losing a best friend?
I've been dating a guy for 6 months and we've spent a lot of time with his many lovely friends who like me and actively invite us to events. My bf has lived in the same city for 8 years, but I only moved to this city a year ago. I've moved a lot, have some social anxiety from being bullied earlier in my life, and have had difficulties establishing lasting friendships due to these factors and being a shy studious nerd. I've realized my faults and I've since been working hard to change that in this new city; I have begun to make some close friends and a couple of acquaintances - but I still haven't found what I would consider a "group" yet. My bf has asked me about my friends from before I moved and I told him I don't really have any... Which he probably thinks is a red flag (since he has many) - except I'm trying really hard now to change that and have told him this. I felt absolutely embarrassed and terrible for not having as many friends as him; now I feel very self-conscious/vulnerable about this and I'm wondering whether I should be in a relationship at all before I've established meaningful friendships. Should I just ask him what he thinks about my lack of friends? Should I break it off and focus on making friends instead right now? Would most people see this as a red flag? TL;DR: new to the city with no friends from the past due to shyness/anxiety, but bf has lived here for 8 years with many friends; so I'm feeling self-conscious. Should I talk to him about it or break up to focus on making friends?
This may seem like a small issue/ melodramatic but the person who I called my best friend all of freshman year of college just decided to cut me off. The only problem is most of the friends I know are through her and if she's cut me off, the rest of them will likely follow suit. I'm ending freshman year of college with basically no close friends now that everyone I knew essentially turned their backs to me. I have acquaintances and other semi-close friends but they all seem to have their friend groups set in stone and I don't know what I'm doing to do next school year. It doesn't help that I'm a relatively reserved person (I do get meals/ talk to my acquaintances regularly but the thought of trying to break into any of their friend groups gives me anxiety). I'm worried people will think I'm pathetic/ no one else will accept me now that everyone's formed groups. I moved to a foreign country for college and so none of my high school friends are physically here with me either. I feel so so alone and anxious right now. --- **tl;dr**: Best friend cut me off in college in foreign country, don't know how to proceed.


Topic 23: ['door', 'threw', 'heard', 'driving', 'hair']
Driving down a desolate country road going to my girlfriend's today and notice a small paper bag in my car. Toss it out the window thinking nothing of it. Not even 10 seconds later passing an elderly couples house I hit and run over their chihuahua, Cupcake, doing 60 mph. It ran right in front of me and had no chance at all to swerve. I didn't even see it until it was too late.. slammed on my brakes and turned around to see how bad it was. There was blood coming from it's nose and mouth and there was a huge gash on it's head from where it was hit. The elderly couple proceeds to come outside and I think they had dimentia because they were asking me if they should take her to the vet even though it was quite clear she was dead and not breathing. I talked to them for a while and they seemed out of it. They had 4 dogs outside (now only 3) and none of them were leashed or wearing an electric collar. I felt so terrible but also questioned why the dogs were allowed to roam free. Apparently they've had many dogs struck by vehicles and that they all have or had no road sense at all. Seriously can not get the image of poor little cupcake barking and running towards my jeep out of my head. Karma is a bitch and I hereby promise to never litter again. Im sorry Jesus please forgive me I didn't mean it. :(
So something freaky just happened it didn’t happen for the whole day until just now. I do have it often but now I want to ask if you have it too. I’d be very grateful for your responses So I was watching some Gordon Ramsay the whole evening, who I find incredibly funny and relaxing to watch (didn’t take notice in anything feeling off during that time). I had a bright orange notebook on the floor (in the field of my right eye) and when I moved my eyes, the corner of my right eye picked it up and made it look like a flash. Once I realized it, I tried doing the same eye movement and it looked like a flash again. This stuff doesn’t only happen on days like today but regularly (less often when I’m outside). Often I also see it in the corner of my eye when I walk around the house or in class. Now that I realized it, my legs and arms feel weak and sort of numb (as if I ran a marathon). My chest feels very tight and my face feels very warm. Do you experience these Visual flashes as well? Things may also begin to look bigger/smaller when I look/stare at them. Not always but if I concentrate hard & stare at something. I also suffer from dp/dr. All of this started after my bad trip - which I will regret for the rest of my life. Also I tried out meditation for the first time yesterday for 10 minutes as it can improve anxiety and dp/dr. I experienced a spinning sensation (clockwise). It freaked me out and I immediately opened my eyes and disappeared thereafter. Would be very happy to see any responses
So we're hosting thanksgiving for like 50 people tomorrow. I've been working all day to prepare. Between cooking and cleaning and rearranging furniture and setting up tables, last year it was just too much to handle alone, so this year I hired a professional cleaning service to help me with that part. It was pricey, but worth it. So I finally got the last turkey in the brine and the pie in the fridge and I sat down to chill out and reddit for awhile. Hubby was playing video games and drinking in the basement. I heard him come up to the bathroom awhile back but hadn't talked to him for a few hours. I made a run to the bathroom after awhile and since no one else was around, I just left the door open and didn't turn the lights on. I sat down and noticed I was stepping in something wet. I'm thinking "Did he pee on the floor? Is the stool leaking?". So I turn the light on to check it out and my foot is sitting in a pool of puke. He has apparently drank too much and puked everywhere. Or became possessed. I'm not sure which. There's puke all over the wall, on the side of the toilet, all over the toilet paper. I've never seen so much fucking puke in my life. So it's the middle of the night and I'm recleaning a bathroom I just paid a ton of fucking money to have cleaning. My foot may never recover.
We just moved in together 7 months ago. And I'm very sleep deprived. My past set-up when I lived alone: bed by 11pm. Lights off. White noise machine. Sleep straight for 8 hours. His set-up: treats his bedroom like a living room. Lights on. When lights are off, he stays on his phone forever. Routinely stays up until 2 pm. I moved in with him. I try to compromise (I stay up late now), but it's taking its toll. On top of it, I make a lot of noise in my sleep (mumbling, light snoring) and if I fall asleep while he's watching a movie or working or reading or playing on his phone, he keeps jostling me to get me to be quiet. He's so upset and hurt if I sleep on the couch (the only other place to sleep). He keeps telling me I just need to train myself to sleep through noise, or to get used to sleeping with light (ex: from his phone). I've tried, but it's not working (I fall asleep but wake up over and over) plus he wakes me up because I'm making noise. I've tried asking him to go to sleep at 11pm or midnight but he has tried and he cannot. He also can't stand being in the living room, so we are in bed at the same time and I'm fighting to stay awake. Even if he worked in the living room, when he came in to go to sleep he would turn the lamp on to read, or play on his phone, and jostle me when I make noise (waking me up). I'm very frustrated. How do other couples deal? **TLDR: bf stays up very late and I can't sleep with lights or noise**
I don’t know where to post this blurb but I’m still shaking and need to tell someone without feeling stupid. If this isn’t the right sub please direct me. I’ve been having a rough couple months in-between doctors with general anxiety and depression, and tonight was one of those bad nights. Ive been on my phone for a few hours reading trying to chill out, and I came across something on here about an electrical fire. It got me thinking about what I would do in that situation, would I find my cat if I had time, etc. Small comment and moved on. Anyways, its almost 4am and I just changed the thermostat. I turned all the lights off except the kitchen string lights. I had headphones in and I took them off and laid down. I felt a rush of hot air on my face. There was an orange glow I could see through the crack of my door. I heard crackling. I immediately jumped up and screamed and lunged out of my bedroom to frantically look at this fire. Rush of air> thermostat Orange glow> kitchen night light Crackling> rain I didn’t hear because I just took my headphones out. Not to mention it was not even one minute from walking in my room to jumping out of bed yet I believed there was a grand fire with orange flames and heat billowing into my room. What is wrong with my brain. Its almost funny now that Ive written this all out.


